A strong earthquake hit the   Himalayan kingdom of Nepal and parts of eastern India on Sunday   morning, triggering landslides and collapsing buildings.
Reports of damage and   devastation continued to arrive from remote parts of Nepal on Friday,   and the Home Affairs Ministry updated its confirmed death toll to   704.
In India, the official count   rose to 277.
But survivors, the news media   and opposition politicians say the toll could be as high as 1,500.
The quake, centered almost on   the India-Nepal border, registered 6.5 on the Richter scale.
Seismologists said it was the   deadliest earthquake to strike the Himalayan region since 1950.
At least 1,000 people were   injured when the quake triggered landslides and house collapses in   Bihar and the surrounding states of Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and   Orissa, all heavily populated, largely agricultural areas.
Both countries were rushing   emergency medical teams to the area.
But the monsoons, which hit   the subcontinent in late June and usually last through September,   hampered relief operations.
Dharan, 105 miles southeast   of Katmandu, sits on a rolling plain at the base of a steep hill.
At least 131 bodies have been   found in the town of 100,000.
Most of the victims died in   their houses, which were made of bricks held together by mud that had   loosened during the seasonal monsoon rains.
In eastern India, which also   was devastated by the quake, cracks were found in the embankments of   six rivers in Bihar state, and officials said floods could pose the   next threat to the 10 million people.
As survivors in both   countries began rebuilding homes damaged or destroyed by the quake,   medicine, food and financial aid began arriving from abroad.
U.N. agencies and the Red   Cross also sent medical teams to Nepal, and the government began   distributing 90-pound bags of rice.
The parents of a Peace Corps   worker learned Thursday that their son, a volunteer in Nepal, was safe   following an earthquake last weekend that killed at least 750 people in   that country and neighboring India.
Jim Flanigan, a Peace Corps   spokesman in Washington, said Peter Giaquinta was ``fine as far as we   know''.
Flanigan said the Peace Corps   has been able to track down all but three of the 157 volunteers in   Nepal.
There are no Peace Corps   members in India, he said.
