Tons of Relief Supplies Arriving, But   Distribution Difficult The earthquake that devastated Iran   early Thursday took tens of thousands of lives because people were asleep in   fragile homes built on flood plains, an earthquake expert said.
Needham said most structures in that   area are built of a ceramic-type brick or adobe that collapses easily.
The shock wave traveled through the   mountainous section of coastal Iran where most of the buildings are built on a   flood plain of loosely deposited soil that shifts in an earthquake and allows   structures to collapse, he said.
The 7.7-magnitude quake was the   largest ever recorded in that area, where two major plates of the earth's crust   meet, Needhams said.
Estimates of the number killed in the devastating quake reached 50,000, with an additional 200,000 injured.
Iranian President Hashemi Rafsanjani,   who toured the stricken region Friday, also appealed for international aid .
Iran reportedly said it would accept   aid from all countries -- including Iraq -- but excluded Israel and South Africa   .
Planes loaded with food, medicine and   tents are converging on earthquake-stricken Iran from around the world, among   them the first private American relief mission to the country in more than a   decade.
The shipment that arrived Sunday was   the first of its kind to be accepted by Iran since the hostage crisis of 1979-  80, when 52 Americans were held at the U.S.
The Vatican was among the many   international donors.
Eleven planes from West Germany   ferried in 145 tons of supplies plus a field hospital with two medical   teams.
Nine flights arrived from Turkey.
The Spanish Red Cross sent medicines   and food; India sent medicine.
The Austrian Red Cross shipped tents,   blankets and medicine.
Bernard Kouchner, the French secretary   of state for humanitarian action, arrived in Iran on Sunday to coordinate French   assistance and evaluate future needs, Radio France Inter said.
The Soviet Union sent in medical teams   and supplies from Soviet republics bordering Iran.
IRANIAN MEDIA LOW KEY IN REPORTING ON   KILLER QUAKE Iran is deliberately underreporting   the number of casualties from Thursday's massive earthquake out of fear of a   political backlash, leaders of a group seeking to overthrow the country's   Islamic leadership say.
An anti-American newspaper in Iran said   Sunday the United States is partly to blame for the death of tens of thousands   of people in last week's earthquake.
