Thunderstorms wreaked havoc across the   middle Mississippi Valley and the Southeast on Wednesday with lethal tornadoes,   wind up to 100 mph and hail up to the size of baseballs.
The storm was particularly violent because it occurred   along a line of extreme variations in temperature.
Strong northwesterly wind ushering the cold air into the   north-central states gusted above 40 mph during the afternoon, creating wind   chill readings colder than 25 degrees below zero.
Elsewhere, snow fell from the northern Rockies to the upper Great   Lakes, while unseasonably mild weather continued in the East.
The thunderstorms developed along and   ahead of a strong cold front and swept eastward from Missouri and Arkansas.
The two-day toll was at least 27 dead   and hundreds injured.
Tornadoes were reported Wednesday in Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina, North   Carolina, Kentucky, Ohio and Indiana.
_Alabama: Seventeen people were killed in Huntsville on Wednesday   when a tornado touched down just before rush hour, causing major damage.
Rescuers picked through piles of rubble   10 to 14 feet deep, and Cooper said police were unable to determine the extent   of the damaged area.
There were 463 injuries and about 1,000 people left homeless, authorities said.
_New York: A severe thunderstorm Thursday   sent a tree crashing through an elementary school roof in Newburgh, about 60   miles north of New York City, killing at least seven children and injuring 18,   authorities said.
Southern Illinois was also hard hit by the storms, with one woman killed by a falling   tree, about 20 people injured and power lines downed.
Elsewhere, snow fell from the northern Rockies to the upper Great Lakes, while unseasonable mild weather continued in the East.
Thunderstorms   sweeping across Tennessee spun off a tornado in southeastern Madison Country,   and dropped hail as big as baseballs north of Jackson, the weather service   said.
Hail stones as big as tennis   balls fell near Huntingburg, Ind., the weather service said.
Wind up to 65 mph damaged roofs, power   lines and trees in parts of Kentucky and Louisiana, the weather service   said.
Severe thunderstorms also   developed over Alabama and South Carolina during the afternoon, and the weather   service reported a tornado north of Greenwood, S.C.
In Georgia, five people were injured, four critically, and at   least 200 people evacuated after a tornado struck two mobile home parks and an   interstate highway near Palmetto, about 25 miles southeast of Atlanta,   authorities said.
There were   reports of damage from strong thunderstorms and gusty winds in eastern Virginia,   Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, eastern Pennsylvania and eastern New York   state.
