World leaders from President   Reagan to Malaysia's king mourned today's death of Emperor Hirohito,   who surrendered a broken nation to the Allies in World War II but   presided over its rise to economic pre-eminence.
The death of Emperor Hirohito   finished the list of political and military leaders of the World War II   era, one of the darkest and bloodiest eras of history on either the   European or Asian continents TOKYO (AP _ Emperor Hirohito   will be remembered for one overwhelming decision during his 62-year   reign: Japan must bow to defeat for the first time in its history and   end the Pacific conflict in World War II.
World leaders sent Japan   messages of condolences and some declared states of mourning after   Emperor Hirohito's death Saturday, but painful memories of World War II   still generated criticism of the Japanese monarch.
At the surrender of the   Imperial Japanese government, Hirohito was spared punishment because   "it was his ambitious military generals who made the decision to invade   the neighbors" .
I found it is very hard to   believe that a man in his middle age, in his position, in his culture   and in his country at that time had nothing much to do with all the   military aggravations that his armies imposed on neighboring countries   .
On New Year's Day 1946, at   MacArthur's insistence, the emperor publicly renounced his   divinity.
It was a choice that enabled   Hirohito to remain as the symbolic head of his nation and assured that   he would not face charges as a war criminal, as some abroad had   demanded.
U.S. prosecutors pressured   Japan's wartime prime minister, Gen. Hideki Tojo, into changing   testimony at his trial to avoid incriminating Emperor Hirohito in war   crimes, a television documentary claims.
The documentary says the   decision not to prosecute Hirohito came from President Harry S. Truman   and that Tojo's evidence was altered so the emperor would not be   incriminated .
The Imperial Household   Agency, which ran his affairs, said Hirohito considered the postwar   period one of the most fulfilling times of his life, in which the   nation made a phenomenal recovery from a war that cost 3.1 million   Japanese lives.
The solitude of animal and   plant life under the seas which so intrigued Hirohito was in keeping   with the character of the man who became the 124th occupant of the   Chrysanthemum Throne at the age of 25 on Christmas Day 1926,   designating his reign ``Showa'' _ ``enlightened peace''.
