A fiery explosion in a giant   gun turret rocked the refitted battleship Iowa on maneuvers in the   Atlantic today, killing at least 47 sailors and injuring an   undetermined number, the Pentagon said .
Defense Department spokesman   Dan Howard said the explosion may have resulted from the blast of a   110-pound gunpowder bag used to fire shells that weigh more than a ton   a distance of up to 23 miles .
The Pentagon said it happened   before the middle 16-inch gun of the three-gun turret had been   fired.
Eleven men escaped from   powder magazines deep within the ship at the base of the turret.
The Navy organized a board of   inquiry and placed a moratorium on firing 16-inch guns, found only on   the Iowa and its three sister battleships, the New Jersey, the   Wisconsin and the Missouri.
During the trip home,   investigators on board were reviewing a videotape of the turret taken   by an Iowa officer who had wanted to record the firing of the big guns   when the explosion occurred, said Lt.
The guns are originals dating from the   ship's first commissioning at the height of World War II in 1943 as a sister ship of the   Missouri, aboard which the Japanese signed the war-ending surrender document .
Critics have charged that the   battleship's 16-inch guns are antiquated and dangerous; gunners say   they are among the most accurate available .
The main criticism is that   the big gun requires gunpowder packed in silk bags to fire 16-inch-  diameter shells from its 62-foot-long barrel.
In the Iowa's case, 660   pounds of powder _ six 110-pound bags _ is needed to fire a projectile   weighing up to 2,700 pounds at a speed of 2,500 feet per second.
The scarred battleship USS   Iowa made a somber return Sunday to its home port, where about 3,000   family members and friends of the crew welcomed loved ones who escaped   an explosion that killed 47 sailors.
Two of the surviving crewmen   of No.
2 turret stood on top of the fire-blackened turret as the ship   pulled into the pier, with full crews on the ship's two other turrets   .
Thousands of grieving friends   and relatives of the fallen 47 crewmen from the battleship USS Iowa   gathered quietly Monday and heard President Bush praise their loved   ones as ``brothers in eternity''.
