President Corazon Aquino has   agreed to allow Ferdinand Marcos to return to the Philippines so that   the government can try him on charges of stealing billions of dollars,   newspapers said Saturday.
Mrs. Aquino's government has   said it will file criminal charges against Marcos, whom it has accused   of stealing up to $10 billion in government funds.
President Corazon Aquino said   today she will not allow Ferdinand Marcos to come home to die and her   government will not permit the ousted president to be buried on   Philippine soil.
Aquino evidently is concerned   that even after death, the return of Marcos' remains could spark   violence or galvanize opposition to her government .
Despite charges that Marcos   and his inner circle looted the government treasury of billions of   dollars, the former president still has a significant following   here.
Marcos was reported in   critical condition today in a Honolulu hospital after undergoing   emergency kidney surgery.
Mrs. Aquino succeeded Marcos   after the 1986 uprising that toppled his administration and forced him   into exile in Hawaii.
Mrs. Aquino, on the first stop   of her weeklong three-nation European tour, met with West German   President Richard von Weizsaecker, Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich   Genscher and other officials.
Mrs. Aquino, comparing the   task of strengthening the heavily indebted Philippine economy to the   recovery of West Germany after World War II, asked that Germany share   its experience with her homeland.
President Corazon Aquino today   reversed a long-held policy and said she was willing to negotiate   cease-fires with Communist guerrillas and former soldiers who have   staged coup attempts.
The Communist rebels have   been waging a 21-year rebellion to establish a Marxist state.
Analysts here say Aquino's   immediate use of small bombers and artillery to end a pocket rebellion   led by renegade army Col. Alexander Noble on the north coast of   Mindanao helps counter oft-heard criticism that her four-year-old   government is indecisive and inept .
Aquino has now survived two   major coup attempts and half a dozen assorted and aborted military   mutinies.
Philippine Vice President and   opposition leader Salvador H. Laurel declined Saturday night to condemn   the armed insurrection in his country and said the rebels "have the   right" to try to seize power .
After 332 witnesses, 226   sworn statements and 4,100 documents, the so-called Davide Commission   concluded that coup attempts are likely to continue -- but unlikely to   succeed -- for the indefinite future .
