By six o'clock yesterday   afternoon 19 dykes in the Changsha area had collapsed, and a total of   128,000 urban and rural residents had been affected.
BFN [Text] Guangzhou, June 23   (XINHUA) -- The highest flood peaks on the Xijiang and Beijiang Rivers   have passed, said Zhu Senlin, governor of south China's Guangdong   Province.
More than 200 people lost their   lives in the natural disaster, which destroyed 189,000 rooms and ruined   crops on 1.2 million hectares.
The direct economic losses were   set at 10.2 billion yuan.
Due to interaction of the Bei   Jiang and Xi Jiang, the Zhujiang Delta will face a high water-level   test.
BFN [Text] Beijing, June 26   (XINHUA) -- Floods have all receded along Xijiang, Beijiang, Xiangjiang   and Ganjiang except at a section of the Xijiang River in Wuzhou city,   Guangxi, a spokesman from the State Flood Control and Drought Relief   Headquarters announced today.
Floods hit Guangdong, Guangxi,   Hunan, Jiangxi, Fujiang and Zhejiang provinces following the first   heavy rains and floods which typically hit China from the south to the   north from June to August.
Heavy rainfall over a wide area   since mid-June resulted in the largest flood waters since liberation of   the country in the Xi Jiang, Bei Jiang, and Xiang Jiang rivers.
BFN [Text] Fuzhou, June 22   (CNS) -- Flood lasting for ten or more days in Fujian Province has   brought about heavy losses in agriculture there.
According to the latest   information offered by the Provincial Agricultural Bureau, a total area   of 2.465 million mu of crops have been hit by the flood and of which,   446 000 mu of crops will have no yield, 1.957 million mu of grain have   been heavily hit and some 300 million kilogram grain are expected to be   lost.
While inspecting flood control   and relief work in Jiangxi Province, through which the Ganjiang flows,   Wen Jiabao, alternate member of the Political Bureau and member of the   Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee, said the flooded areas should   work hard to mitigate losses through their own efforts and with support   from various departments.
The localities should waste no   time in implementing various measures to resume production and   rehabilitate their homeland, he said.
As one of China's major bread   baskets, Jiangxi is of key importance to China in agricultural   production, Wen said.
