Ray Buckey and his mother, Peggy   McMartin Buckey, were found not guilty Thursday of molesting children at the   family-run McMartin Pre-School in Manhattan Beach, a verdict which brought to a   close the longest and costliest criminal trial in history .
Jurors who have reached verdicts on 52   counts in the McMartin preschool molestation case said Wednesday they are   deadlocked on the remaining 13 charges in the nation's longest, costliest   criminal trial.
Whatever happens on those charges, few   in this upper-middle-class Los Angeles suburb would disagree with the judge in   the trial, William Pounders, who once said, ``The case has poisoned everyone who   had contact with it''.
There was plenty of blame to go around   at the end of the lengthy and traumatic McMartin Pre-School molestation trial,   but no one was willing to accept it.
Thursday's acquittals in the McMartin   Pre-School molestation case outraged parents who said prosecutors botched it,   while those on the defense side proclaimed a triumph of justice over hysteria   and hype.
Jurors in the McMartin Pre-School   molestation case denounced the techniques of a child therapy center and a police   department letter that inflamed parents and ignited the case.
A therapist defended her interviews of   alleged victims in the McMartin Pre-School molestation trial, despite criticism   by several jurors who said leading questions undermined the prosecution's   case.
"People will be much more alert to the   possibility of this type of offense taking place at preschool and at schools,"   Pounders said.
Though the historic McMartin Pre-School   criminal trial finally has ended in acquittals, a host of civil lawsuits   generated by the Manhattan Beach molestation case conceivably could keep the   issue alive in the courts for decades, legal experts say .
Mann, an Oscar- and Emmy-winning   screenwriter and producer, recognized a theme he had tapped before: the hysteria   of a witch hunt.
But Mann and his wife, Myra, who have   an 800-page manuscript in the works for Random House and say they are close to   finishing a screenplay, aren't expected to monopolize the telling of the 6-year-  old McMartin case -- or the perspective .
At least two other books are planned,   and at least one prominent television movie producer besides Mann says he is   developing a McMartin project.
A Hermosa Beach minister who for years   has tried in vain to quell rumors tying his church to the McMartin Pre-School   scandal announced Sunday that the "extreme stress" of fallout from the case has   forced him to seek disability retirement .
