Hurricane Hugo advanced   faster and with renewed fury today on Georgia and South Carolina as   150,000 coastal residents grabbed what they could carry and fled inland   on jammed highways .
In South Carolina, which was   in a state of emergency, Gov.
Carroll Campbell dispatched 400 National   Guardsmen to assist a mandatory evacuation of coastal barrier islands   and shorefront.
The storm, packing winds of   up to 135 mph, raged into Charleston Thursday night.
Charleston, a city of pastel-  colored antebellum structures lining quaint streets and alleyways, is   where the Civil War began in 1861.
The roof cracked at City   Hall, a 188-year-old brick building that has withstood several   hurricanes, and torrents of water poured into the paneled council   chamber.
The storm, which caused   billions in damage, claimed 17 lives in South Carolina, and only two   were in the Charleston area, which bore the brunt of Hugo's 135 mph   winds.
Residents took forecasters at   their word when they warned of Hurricane Hugo's fury, and the low   number of deaths from the powerful storm can be credited to this   healthy respect, authorities said.
Supercomputers, satellites   and the expertise of several hurricane forecasters predicted the   destructive path Hurricane Hugo would follow, giving people plenty of   time to flee the South Carolina coast.
The real forecasting problem   with Hugo was predicting the intensity of the storm, which was upgraded   to a Category 4 hurricane just hours before it slammed into   Charleston.
Meteorology professor Kerry   A. Emmanuel of the Massachussetts Institute of Technology criticizes   the current forecasting system.
Satellites can give a   ``pretty picture,'' he said, but not enough information about the wind   and temperatures that affect a hurricane's path.
State Farm Insurance Co.   expects claims as high as $400 million in South Carolina, where it   insures one out of every five homes, spokesman Jerry Parsons said.
Additionally, Nationwide   Insurance Co. said it expects claims close to $100 million, more than   triple the $31 million that the company paid for damages caused by   Hurricane Elena when it swept through Florida, Alabama and Mississippi   in 1985 .
Such heavy losses suggest   that the storm will be the most expensive ever for the insurance   industry .
Although the losses are   substantial, they are not expected to threaten the financial health of   any individual company because reinsurers will pick up a significant   portion of the costs.
