President-elect Bush designated  Tower as his defense secretary on Dec. 16.
Retired Sen. John Tower, the  defense secretary-designate, underwent surgery Thursday to remove a colon  polyp, a hospital spokesman said.
He also served as an arms  negotiator for President Reagan and he headed the White House's Iran-Contra  investigative panel.
Tower's qualifications for the job --  intelligence, patriotism and past chairmanship of the Armed Services  Committee -- the nomination should have sailed through with flying  colors.
Instead it sank like the Bismarck.
In written testimony to the Senate  panel on Jan. 26, Tower said he could ``recall no actions in connection with  any defense activities'' in connection with his work for the U.S. subsidiary  of That statement, according to two  publications, The Los Angeles Times and the Legal Times, did not square with  information which Tower provided to divorce attorneys working for his second  wife in June of 1987.
In the divorce deposition, Tower  said he went to work for British Aerospace eight weeks after resigning as  the nation's chief strategic arms negotiator and advised the company on how  to sell training jets, fighter planes and missile systems to the Pentagon,  the Los Angeles Times reported.
Tower has said that he was paid a  total of more than $750,000 by six defense firms in the two years after  leaving government service .
The committee, now controlled by  Democrats, voted 11-9 along party lines last Thursday to recommend the full  Senate reject Tower's nomination .
He has been dogged by reports that  he is a hard-drinker and a womanizer and that his hawkish views on defense  do not square with the budgetary austerity that the Pentagon faces .
A congressional source was quoted  as saying that Combest told the senators that Tower would drink as much as a  full bottle of scotch two or three times a week.
Tower has acknowledged that he  drank excessively in the 1970s, but says he has reduced his intake to wine  with dinner.
The Democratic-controlled Senate  today rejected the nomination of former Texas Sen. John Tower as defense  secretary, delivering a major rebuke to President Bush just 49 days into his  term.
The Senate's 53-47 vote came after  a bitter and divisive debate focused on Tower's drinking habits, behavior  toward women and his business dealings with defense contractors.
Kansas GOP Sen. Nancy Kassebaum  provided the biggest surprise of the final hours of debate when she became  the sole Republican to declare her opposition.
The 53-47 vote against Tower was a  setback to Bush in the sense that it always is a defeat when Congress denies  a president something he wants.
CRASH KILLS TOWER, 22 OTHERS  EX-SENATOR'S DAUGHTER ALSO AMONG VICTIMS
