Killer Storm Hits South Carolina   Coast Sept. 17 _ Eye of Hugo is directly   over Guadeloupe.
Guadeloupe is devasted by winds   measuring up to 150 mph.
Five people are reported killed, 84   injured and more than 15,000 homeless on the island of 340,000 people.
Sept. 17 _ Hugo hits British island of   Montserrat.
Nine people are killed and hundreds of   buildings are flattened.
The British government says nearly all   of the 12,000 island residents are homeless.
Sept. 17 _ On Antigua, two people are   killed and there is widespread wind and rain damage.
At least one person is reported killed   on St. Croix.
Early reports say 97 percent of the   buildings were damaged or destroyed on St. Croix, population 53,000.
Sept. 18 (daybreak) _ Hugo crosses the   northeast corner of Puerto Rico.
Damage is estimated at hundreds of   millions of dollars and homes of at least 50,000 people were destroyed or   damaged.
At least three people are killed.
Sept. 21 (midnight) _ Hugo crashes   into Charleston, S.C., with winds of 135 mph, leveling buildings and flooding   streets.
Ten people in the Carolinas are   killed.
Before the hurricane warning system   was established, a storm of Hugo's power would have cost thousands of lives.
Forecasters at the National Hurricane   Center used computer models to track Hugo's path into Charleston, S.C. To determine the track of the storm,   the forecasters analyze supercomputer predictions, satellite data, the history   of similar storms and the current path of the hurricane.
The storm, which caused billions in   damage, claimed 17 lives in South Carolina, and only two were in the Charleston   area, which bore the brunt of Hugo's 135 mph winds.
``Several thousands of people who were   in the shelters and the tens of thousands of people who evacuated inland were   potential victims of injury and death''.
Mayor John Bourne of North Charleston,   where there apparently were no storm-related deaths, credited people for heeding   the warnings.
Although claims adjusters are still   tallying the losses, there is now little doubt that overall damage to insured   property will far exceed the record $752.5 million in claims paid by the   industry after Hurricane Frederic struck Mississippi and Alabama in 1979,   Parsons said .
The ``greenhouse effect'' may breed   bigger and deadlier hurricanes in the future, storms up to 50 percent stronger   than Hugo and last year's record-setting Gilbert, some meteorologists say.
