FT 12 MAR 93 / Indian stock market denies   flouting rules A ROW has erupted between the Bombay stock   exchange, India's largest stock market, and the Securities and Exchange Board of   India, the securities watchdog, over the board's recent first-ever inspection of   stockbrokers' books.
The Sebi has accused stockbrokers of   flouting the exchange's rules, including regulations on margin trading designed   to limit the risk of members defaulting through excessive speculative   investments.
It has also accused the exchange   authorities of failing to enforce rules and of poor administration.
FT 13 MAR 93 / Bombay blasts leave 200   dead: Federal troops flown in after wave of bombings on commercial targets THE INDIAN government flew federal   paramilitary troops into Bombay last night after more than a dozen bombs   exploded in the city, killing about 200 people and injuring more than a   thousand.
The identity of the bombers was unknown,   but the attacks were a severe setback to India's attempts to heal the wounds   created by recent intercommunal violence, which has caused deep shock throughout   India.
FT 15 MAR 93 / Bombay stays calm in the   face of horror: The city seems determined to put Friday's outrage behind it Friday's outrage, by contrast, bears the   deadly stamp of high-technology terrorism, complete with Semtex plastic   explosive, high-grade timers, efficient organisation and money.
The market reopened on Monday in an   attempt to return to normal.
It has had to compromise - trading has   been restricted to an hour a day, and dealing has moved back to the traditional   ring, where it stopped a year ago.
Dealers seemed to like this, the BSE index   rising by 5.6 per cent on Monday and Tuesday.
INDIA suffered a fresh wave of terror last   night when an explosion destroyed two blocks of flats in the centre of the city   of Calcutta, killing at least 45 people and injuring scores of others.
Police said a bomb exploded in the crowded   trade and residential district of Bowbazaar shortly after midnight, causing two   blocks of flats to collapse and trapping up to 70 people in the rubble.
A militant Sikh group fighting for   independence for the Indian state of Punjab has claimed responsibility for the   Bombay blasts, but police are unconvinced, saying they were carried out by a   foreign group in connivance with 'local criminals'.
But another bomb blast in Calcutta   triggered nervous selling yesterday, and the index came back by 50.62, or 2.1   per cent, to 2,409.23.
