The Dog Fanciers Club organized the   event Wednesday to honor Champion Great Elms Prince Charming II, a fluffy little   Pomeranian, and Nero, a big, amiable bruiser of a German shepherd.
Nero specializes in sniffing out bombs   and narcotics.
The Pomeranian was named best in show   at the prestigious Westminister Kennel Club Show in Madison Square Garden last   month.
Taking a break from the headaches of   the Palestinian uprising and Israel's election campaign, thousands of Israelis   turned out Saturday for a canine beauty pageant.
About 20,000 people attended the two-  day show, organizers said.
The show briefly pushed the Nov. 1   general elections out of the limelight for the doglovers.
More than 2,500 dogs, representing 138   breeds, will compete for prizes at Sunday's All Breed Dog Show and Obedience   Trials at the Los Angeles Sports Arena.
McFadden and his wife, Taffe, run   their dog handling business in Campbell and do it primarily for the enjoyment   and satisfaction it brings.
The dogs are frequent winners in   best of breed and best of show categories.
McFadden's latest product, a Kerry   blue terrier named Kerrageen's Hotspur, won the best of show prize at the 81st   Golden Gate Kennel Club Dog Show held Feb. 2-3 at the Cow Palace in San   Francisco.
It was the 37th best in show win by   Kerrageen's Hotspur, making him the top Kerry blue terrier of all time.
ON A recent day, the telephone rang   in the home of William Wegman.
The photographer, known for his   hilarious portraits of his Weimaraners, picked up.
"Hello" .
His life with Weimaraners began in   1970, the year he bought a new video camera and Man Ray, a puppy that cost   $35.
In 1985, he got Fay Ray, who is now   a familiar face not only among artists but among children who watch "Sesame   Street.
"; As a breed, Weimaraners combine "a lap-dog sensibility with a hunting   capability," the artist said.
Such is the life of one German short-  haired pointer, a show dog bearing the name CH.
Robin Crest Lorien Corniche.
The "CH".
in his name stands for champion.
Basically, his problem comes from   serving more than one master.
In what is fast becoming a pit-bull   match, the one owner, Anthony Attalla, is suing the other two, John and Rita   Remondi, charging that they have been showing Cory even though he is officially   retired (as announced in Dog News).
