Television watchers of the   19th annual New York City Marathon followed the step-by-step progress   Sunday of the leaders, but many spectators on the course scanned the   thousands of runners for a familar face.
HUMAN BILLBOARDS RUN IN   MARATHON With that kind of exposure to   a potential 12 million Southern Californians, it's no wonder that in   only five years the L. A. Marathon has become the best-  marketed, slickest, most modern and sponsor-driven of the world's major   marathons.
The race's marketing-oriented   philosophy can be traced to Burke and marathon Vice President Marie   Patrick .
SAN DIEGO MARATHON: MARTINEZ,   SMITH, RELATIVELY NEW TO LONG-DISTANCE RUNNING, CHRISTEN A NEW COURSE   WITH VICTORIES .
The runs set records on the   new North County course, but the times, even helped by warm breezes and   clear, 74-degree conditions, were hardly blistering.
She met and beat the Olympic   Trials qualifying standard of 2:45 .
03/26/91 Mr. Kelley is in training   for the Boston Marathon -- his 60th Boston Marathon.
And even at the age of 83,   he probably will finish ahead of a large number of the 13,000 runners   expected to compete -- officially or unofficially -- on April 15.
A two-time winner in Boston   (1935 and 1945) and runner-up seven times, Mr. Kelley is to be the   oldest competitor in the race this year -- as he has been for 15   years.
The last three Boston   marathons have turned into reckless speed duels.
They have produced five of   the top 10 times and eight of the top 15 in the race's storied   history.
The women's division also   is filled with many respectable entrants.
Can Ingrid Kristiansen and   Joan Benoit Samuelson, the two fastest women's marathoners in history,   return to their past glory after having their second babies or is a   wave of runners ready to sweep past them?
Most top-ranked U.S. women   are looking for any summer-time marathon in which to run and the San   Francisco version offers excellent conditions.
TO MOST PEOPLE, marathons and   vacations are mutually exclusive.
But a unique subset has   formed: people who like to do both at the same time.
And to help these folks   along, companies arrange tours for marathon vacations.
Run in high heat, high humidity,   high pollution levels and over an extraordinary course, the Barcelona   Olympic men's marathon will prove one of the most physically demanding   ever run.
