A crucial first vote of Tory Members of   Parliament (MPs) is scheduled for today, and if Heseltine should wrest control   of the party from Thatcher -- the longest-serving British head of government in   modern times -- she would also have to give up the prime minister's job that she   has held since 1979 .
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher has   weakened her position and kicked off the race to succeed her by saying she plans   to step down after winning another term, opposition leaders and political   observers said.
Mrs. Thatcher's popularity is the   lowest of any prime minister since opinion polls began in Britain 50 years ago,   and senior colleagues have publicly admonished her to change her leadership   style following the surprise resignation of her treasury chief, Nigel   Lawson.
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's   international admirers praised her courage and achievements Thursday after she   announced she would resign.
For almost a decade, Margaret Thatcher   was regarded at the White House as America's best friend, the trusted ally whose   strong views reinforced the conservative tone of administration policies.
Former President Reagan thanked   British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher for backing him up when other allies   backed down, heaping praise on his political soulmate as she heads off into the   sunset.
Among Western allies, she was alone at   Ronald Reagan's side in 1986 in supporting the U.S. bombing of Libya.
Together they advocated a hard line   toward Moscow and championed military readiness - even though she was the first   to recognize Mikhail S. Gorbachev as a leader she could do business with.
George Bush and Margaret Thatcher had   something more simple in common, a pragmatic relationship of mutual respect and   support that benefited both .
In the Persian Gulf crisis, she boldly   joined with George Bush in sending troops to the Middle East.
Earlier this year, Mrs. Thatcher   overtook Liberal Lord Asquith's 1908-1916 tenure as prime minister to become   Britain's longest continuously serving prime minister of the 20th century.
Margaret Thatcher set the example of   what a woman could achieve in British society, but her critics say she did   little else to help women along.
Mrs. Thatcher, who stepped down on   Thursday, urged women to get involved in politics, but did little to pull them   up the ladder.
Queen Elizabeth II awarded former Prime   Minister Margaret Thatcher the coveted Order of Merit on Friday and made her   husband a baronet, which is a hereditary knighthood .
