FT 26 AUG 92 / Hurricane damage put at   Dollars 20bn as 2m people told to leave homes DAMAGE CAUSED by Hurricane Andrew could   rise to Dollars 20bn, it was estimated yesterday, as one of the costliest US   storms this century threatened a further devastating landfall near the city of   New Orleans.
At least three people died on Sunday when   Hurricane Andrew crossed the Bahamas.
The hurricane tore through southern   Florida early on Monday morning, causing billions of dollars of property damage   and at least 12 deaths, and yesterday was moving north-west across the Gulf of   Mexico with winds of about 140 miles an hour.
Andrew, the first Caribbean hurricane of   the season, hit the eastern coast of Florida early yesterday, gusting up to   165mph.
A million people had been ordered to flee   their homes in southern Florida as the hurricane moved in from the Bahamas on   Sunday.
It ripped roofs off houses, smashed cars   and trucks, snapped power lines and uprooted trees before heading out over the   Gulf.
Across Florida, some 2m people remained   without electric ity yesterday and health officials were warning the public to   boil or chemically treat all water.
More than 24 hours after the hurricane,   some 825,000 households and businesses were still without power.
Official estimates in Miami reported that   the hurricane had wiped out the homes of one Dade County resident in eight - a   quarter of a million people.
The government estimated it would cost   Dollars 20bn-Dollars 30bn to tidy and rebuild in Florida, and to care for   residents displaced by the storm.
HURRICANE Andrew, claimed to be the   costliest natural disaster in US history, yesterday smashed its way through the   state of Louisiana, inflicting severe damage on rural communities but narrowly   missing the low-lying city of New Orleans.
Then, however, Andrew lost force as it   moved north over land.
By yesterday afternoon, it had been down-  graded to tropical storm, in that its sustained windspeeds were below 75   mph.
Not all damaged property in the area is   insured and there have been estimates that the storm caused more than Dollars   20bn of damage.
However, local officials in Florida, hit   earlier in the week by the hurricane, were critical of what they called a delay   in supplying food, drinking water and other supplies for thousands of people in   need.
Federal emergency officials acknowledged   distribution problems, Transportation Secretary Andrew Card yesterday promised   'dramatic' improvements within 24 hours and President George Bush last night   ordered troops to Florida, without specifying a number.
