John Major, endorsed by   Margaret Thatcher as the politician closest to her heart, was elected   by the Conservative Party Tuesday night to succeed her as prime   minister.
Thatcher formally presents   her resignation today to Queen Elizabeth II, who will then ask Major to   form a new government .
Born March 29, 1943, the son   of a circus performer, he left school at 16 and was a laborer and at   one time a welfare recipient .
Major epitomized the self-  reliant, hard-working achiever whom Thatcher encouraged.
His election climaxed a month   of British politics-turned-upside down, and the Western world's   longest-serving head of government was driven from office by a revolt   in party ranks.
``John Major is a   Thatcherette - that is how he sought election and that is how he got   elected,'' said Labor Party leader Neil Kinnock.
``It means that the policies   that brought the poll tax, recession, heavy mortgages and rising   unemployment will go on''.
While adopting a gentler tone   on the contentious issue of Britain's involvement in Europe, he shares   her opposition to a single European currency and shares her belief in   tight restraint on government spending.
Major was elected to   Parliament in 1979, was appointed foreign secretary and then chancellor   of the exchequer last year.
FT 08 APR 93 / John Major's   Year: Major's blue period - A year on from success at the polls, the   prime minister's popularity has plunged.
The past 12 months have been   hijacked by internal party differences over Europe, by the debacle   surrounding UK withdrawal from the exchange rates mechanism of the   European Monetary System, and by a continuing, deep recession which has   disappointed and alienated many traditional Tory supporters in   business.
But, unlike the previous No 10   occupant, he is seen as a weak leader, with little vision and bereft of   a clearly articulated political conviction.
Scant Relief to Major"] [Text]   Cabinet ministers rallied behind John Major yesterday by insisting   there would be no leadership election this autumn.
Its Leader"] [Text] In local   government elections across Britain yesterday, the Conservatives   suffered their worst defeat ever, losing control of 17 regional   councils and 444 seats.
Even before all of the results   were known, some Tories openly announced their determination to   challenge John Major's position and remove him from office as early as   possible.
