Mikhail S. Gorbachev on Friday proposed   tougher legislation to punish Soviets who seek to kindle ethnic unrest, saying   ``nationalist passions'' benefit opponents of his reforms.
With serious ethnic clashes in Soviet   Central Asia over the past month, with troops needed to maintain the peace in   the southern republics of Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia and with nationalism   growing stronger in the Baltic republics of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania,   Gorbachev is struggling to hold the Soviet Union together as a state while he   pushes broad reforms that he believes will resolve most of the grievances .
Ethnic violence killed 148 people and   wounded 885 this month in the Central Asian republic of Kirghizia, the official   news agency Tass said Wednesday.
He said in Moscow on Tuesday that   ministry troops had to be used in 13 regions of the Soviet Union because of such   outbreaks, Tass said.
920229 TROOPS OF the former Soviet Union were   ordered to pull out from the Armenian enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh yesterday   after they were fired on during clashes between Azeri and Armenian   militants.
Azerbaijani and Armenian officials   claimed their civilian targets were under particularly vicious attack.
920306 A CEASEFIRE in Moldova was threatened   yesterday when a truck driver transporting militiamen was shot dead by   machinegun fire in the self-proclaimed Trans Dnestr republic, home of the   Russian-speaking minority.
920715 RUSSIA and Georgia yesterday deployed   'blue helmet' troops to stop ethnic fighting in the disputed region of South   Ossetia in the first peace-keeping operation since the collapse of the Soviet   Union, Reuter reports from Moscow.
Hundreds have been killed since 1990 in   fighting between Georgians and Ossetians.
FT 02 NOV 92 / Russia sends troops to   Caucasus to back North Ossetian regime The Caucasus mountains, which stretch   from southern Russia to the borders of Turkey and Iran, are engulfed by several   conflicts.
931214 The international community is starting to   look beyond the conflict in the former Yugoslavia, and is becoming increasingly   aware of the true magnitude and seriousness of ethnic and political conflicts in   the former Soviet Union.
16 May 1994 [Text] Dushanbe 16 May TASS -- The Tajik   Communist Party has called for the restoration of a renovated Soviet Union in   the form of a federation as the only means to ensure the development of the   political, economic, and spiritual potential of former Soviet republics.
