At least 109 people have been killed   and more than 800,000 left homeless since Gilbert ripped through the Caribbean   with 175 mph wind earlier this week, then crossed the Yucatan Peninsula and Gulf   of Mexico before slamming into northeastern Mexico.
Tropical Storm Gilbert formed in the   eastern Caribbean and strengthened into a hurricane Saturday night.
Forecasters said the hurricane was   gaining strength as it passed over the ocean and would dump heavy rain on the   Dominican Republic and Haiti as it moved south of Hispaniola, the Caribbean   island they share, and headed west.
Gilbert, an ``extremely dangerous   hurricane'' and one of the strongest storms in history, roared toward Mexico's   Yucatan Peninsula Tuesday with 175 mph winds after battering the Dominican   Republic, Jamaica and the tiny Cayman Islands.
The center said Hurricane Gilbert was   the most intense storm on record in terms of barometric pressure.
The hurricane, traveling westward   across the Caribbean Sea, was upgraded Tuesday to a Category 5, the strongest   and deadliest type of hurricane.
Gilbert is one of only three Category   5 storms in the hemisphere since weather officials began keeping detailed   records.
A 1900 hurricane is responsible for   the worst natural disaster in U.S. history, however.
Hurricane Gilbert battered the resorts   of the Yucatan Peninsula today with 160 mph winds and torrential rains.
The most intense hurricane on record   surged toward Texas today after battering the Yucatan Peninsula with 160 mph   winds, leveling slums, pummeling posh resorts and forcing tens of thousands to   flee.
Hurricane Gilbert, which has left   nearly one in four Jamaicans homeless, slackened somewhat as it swirled over   land, but the storm was beginning to gain strength over open water as it moved   toward the U.S. Gulf Coast with sustained winds of 120 mph.
Thousands of coastal residents from   Mexico to Louisiana fled to higher ground Thursday as fierce Hurricane Gilbert   sent the first of its storms against Texas after thrashing the Yucatan   Peninsula.
Hurricane Gilbert weakened to a   tropical storm as it blustered northwestward today but it threw tornadoes and   sheets of rain at thousands of shuttered evacuees along the Texas-Mexico   border.
Rains from Hurricane Gilbert sent a   river raging over its banks in Monterrey, sweeping at least 10 policemen to   their deaths and overturning buses loaded with evacuees from Matamoros, police   said today.
