Tiananmen Square Resembles Battlefield   in Assault on Students Dawn broke Sunday over a battle-  scarred Tiananmen Square with tanks and rifle-toting troops ruling the vast   expanse occupied the day before by students seeking a freer society from their   communist rulers.
Here is a look at key events in the   student pro-democracy movement and at events since Sunday's assault by soldiers   on protesters in Tiananmen Square: April 15 _ Former Communist Party chief   Hu Yaobang dies.
April 18 _ Thousands of students march   in Beijing and Shanghai, expressing dissatisfaction with the government and   shouting ``Long live Hu Yaobang!
Long live democracy''!
April 27 _ In the largest to date of a   continuing series of protests, more than 150,000 students, with wide support   from people on the street, surge past police lines and fill Tiananmen Square,   chanting slogans for democracy and freedom.
May 13 _ About 2,000 students begin a   hunger strike in Tiananmen Square.
May 14 _ Thousands flock to the square   to back the students.
May 18 _ About 1 million people,   including many workers, again take to the streets to show their support for the   hunger strikers.
Defying martial law, hundreds of   thousands of people remain in the square or block intersections to prevent   troops from reaching it.
June 3-4 _ Tens of thousands of troops   make several attempts to move on the square but are driven back by crowds of   hundreds of thousands of people supporting the students.
A final push is made the evening of   June 3, and soldiers begin firing on crowds.
1 a.m. Sunday.
More people shot as troops fire at   crowds.
2 a.m. _ Thousands of troops arrive at the   west side of the square and some of the riflemen open fire.
5 a.m. _ Demonstrators, many walking hand-in-  hand, begin leaving the square, ending their three-week occupation .
June 5 _ Soldiers terrorize Beijing   with random shooting of unarmed civilians.
Demonstrations in Shanghai, Nanjing   and other major Chinese cities to protest the slaughter in Beijing.
Chorus of condemnation from around the   world.
Soldiers continue firing into crowds   around Beijing.
State Council spokesman Yuan Mu said   on Tuesday that 7,000 people, including 5,000 soldiers, have been injured and   400 other soldiers are missing and may be dead or wounded.
Non-official sources say Yuan's   figures on civilian casualties are far too low, but most have different   estimates on the number of victims.
They range from 500 to 12,000 people   slain.
