Soviet President Mikhail  Gorbachev was said to be back in power today and returning to Moscow as the  coup against him collapsed and its leaders reportedly fled.
The coup's failure could deal a  fatal blow to organized, high-level efforts to thwart reform drives in the  Soviet Union by Gorbachev and Yeltsin and significantly alter the balance of  power that has characterized Soviet power for the six-year Gorbachev  era.
At his news conference,  Gorbachev made a point of publicly praising Yeltsin, whose folk-hero stature  was enhanced during the coup as he rallied hundreds of thousands of his  supporters to resist.
But the people of the Soviet  Union apparently concluded that the real issue was not Gorbachev himself,  but the new political culture of freedom and even democracy that his reforms  had created.
As Gorbachev had previously  discovered in his negotiations with Yeltsin over a new union treaty, the  legitimacy provided by the 50 million votes that Yeltsin received in the  elections for president of the Russian federation was a formidable political  force.
Some of the demonstrators  chanted, "Down with the Communist Party!
"; Yeltsin, who had led the  nationwide resistance to the coup, announced a ban on Communist Party  activities in the Russian republic, the army, police units of the Interior  Ministry and the KGB, which for decades helped enforce Communist rule.
Yeltsin has been a strong foe of  Communist Party influence in the country; Gorbachev, however, warned in his  speech against "any kind of anti-Communist hysteria.
"; Yeltsin commented  frequently during Gorbachev's speech, and Gorbachev deferred to him several  times on details of what happened while Gorbachev was in detention.
With the old order of Bolshevik  power and ideology in ruins, Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev demanded the  resignation Friday of his entire government and Russian President Boris  Yeltsin shut down Communist Party organizations throughout the vast  republic.
Yeltsin, the triumphant leader  of the resistance against this week's military coup, has drastically tipped  the balance of power here, showing himself to be at least the political  equal, if not the master, of Gorbachev.
In a symbol of the new order,  the Russian tricolor, the banner of the anti-coup resistance, flew over the  gates of the Kremlin alongside the red Soviet flag for the first time since  the rise of the Bolshevik state.
Although this seemingly endless  political saga of two reformers who can only struggle to find a common  language seemed at an end this spring when they began negotiations on a new  Union Treaty, it is clear that their relationship will likely remain the  great floating opera of Soviet politics.
