Gilbert, an ``extremely   dangerous hurricane'' and one of the strongest storms in history,   roared toward Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula Tuesday with 175 mph winds   after battering the Dominican Republic, Jamaica and the tiny Cayman   Islands.
With the winds of Hurricane   Gilbert clocked at 175 miles per hour, U.S. weather officials called   Gilbert the most intense hurricane ever recorded in the Western   Hemisphere.
Mark Zimmer, a meterologist   at the National Hurricane Center, reported an Air Force reconnaissance   plane measured the barometric pressure at Gilbert's center at 26.13   inches at 5:52 p.m. EDT on Tuesday.
With tropical storm force   winds extending 250 miles north and 200 miles south of the hurricane's   center, Gilbert also was one of the largest.
Gilbert is one of only three   Category 5 storms in the hemisphere since weather officials began   keeping detailed records.
The others were the 1935   Labor Day hurricane and Hurricane Camille, which bulldozed the   Mississippi Coast with 172 mph winds and a 28-foot wave in 1969,   leaving $1.4 billion in damage and 256 dead.
Hurricane Gilbert battered   the resorts of the Yucatan Peninsula today with 160 mph winds and   torrential rains.
The ministry said the storm   seriously damaged the luxury hotel zone in the resort of Cancun and   destroyed about a quarter of the homes on the nearby island of   Cozumel.
The most intense hurricane on   record surged toward Texas today after battering the Yucatan Peninsula   with 160 mph winds, leveling slums, pummeling posh resorts and forcing   tens of thousands to flee.
The storm, spawned Saturday   southeast of Puerto Rico, appeared to have hit Jamaica the hardest.
That island nation's prime   minister, Edward Seaga, said Wednesday that it destroyed about 100,000   of Jamaica's 500,000 homes.
The weather service issued a   hurricane warning for Mexico's northern coast and the southern half of   the 370-mile Texas coast from Brownsville to Port O'Connor, including   250,000-resident Corpus Christi.
Hurricane Gilbert weakened to   a tropical storm as it blustered northwestward today but it threw   tornadoes and sheets of rain at thousands of shuttered evacuees along   the Texas-Mexico border.
Gilbert's remnants should   bring very heavy rains to Rio Grande valley before heading north up the   Mississippi River Valley as a ``huge rain-making machine,'' said Mark   Zimmer, meteorologist at the National Hurricane Center in Coral Gables,   Fla.
Rains from Hurricane Gilbert   sent a river raging over its banks in Monterrey, sweeping at least 10   policemen to their deaths and overturning buses loaded with evacuees   from Matamoros, police said today.
