Overcrowding and safety   violations caused an aging ferry to capsize in the Ganges River,   killing as many as 400 people, a government report said.
At least 150 people died on   July 5, 1970, when a boat capsized in Krishna River in eastern   India.
More than 100 people were   feared drowned after an overcrowded ferry sank at a river junction in   southern Bangladesh, police said today.
Another ferry was attacked by   river pirates near Chandpur late Tuesday, police said.
An overloaded ferry taking   schoolchildren on a field trip capsized and sank in southern China,   killing 55 people and leaving seven missing, the China News Service   said in a dispatch seen Sunday.
On September 22, another   overloaded ferry sank in the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region bordering   Vietnam, leaving 61 people dead and one missing.
The move followed the July 21   capsizing of a ferry on the Min River in Southwestern Sichuan province   in which 133 people died, and the July 25 sinking of a passenger boat   on the Yangtze River in which 71 people drowned .
Authorities charged a 22-year-  old ferry captain with negligent homicide after the boat, overcrowded   with New Year's travelers, sank off the Caribbean coast.
Sixty-seven people drowned and   14 were missing.
He said by telephone that the   ferry ran out of fuel midway on a 16-mile run across the bay from   Livingston to Puerto Barrios and sank after a naval patrol boat tried   to tow it to port.
The Israeli ferry Tuvia   capsized shortly after midnight on Saturday, throwing more than 100 men   into the cold waters of Haifa Bay.
At least 19 sailors drowned,   and scores were injured.
The sailors were part of the   multinational force arrayed against Iraq.
Three of the sailors said the   boat had been taking on water over the stern in heavy seas, then   capsized when it was hit by a big wave.
A boat carrying hundreds of   Somali refugees struck a reef off Kenya and sank, killing more than 130   people, newspapers reported.
Eleven Somalis drowned when   a boat capsized off Kenya near Lamu, north of Malindi, on Feb. 1 .
The engineer of a ferry that   sank off this Red Sea port, leaving more than 400 people missing, today   denied accusations of widespread negligence on the part of the ship's   crew.
The 1,105-ton ship went   down Saturday night about six miles off the Egyptian coast after   ramming into a coral reef in stormy 10-foot seas.
