An explosion today flattened   a military barracks and tore through nearby homes, killing 11 people   and injuring 22, police said.
The blast occurred at at 8:26   a.m. in a lounge in the barracks near Deal, about 70 miles southeast of   London, the Defense Ministry said.
The Defense Ministry said   seven were missing.
Dozens of homes near the   school were damaged, including four that were destroyed.
The IRA claimed responsibility   for the blast.
A statement telephoned to Ireland   International, a Dublin news agency, said ``we have visited the Royal Marines in Kent'' in   response to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's visit to Northern Ireland nine days   ago.
Defense Secretary Tom King,   inspecting the wreckage, said: ``It is not yet absolutely confirmed that it is a bomb, but all   the evidence is quite clearly that this is an IRA atrocity''.
Scotland Yard said a forensic team   from its anti-terrorist squad had been called in to help investigate.
Police investigating the attack were   searching a nearby house that had been rented briefly by three men with Irish   accents.
Raymond Kendall, the secretary-  general of the international police organization Interpol, pledged the organization's full   support in the hunt for those who blew up the school.
The authorities have been on high   alert, expecting IRA attacks in connection with last month's 20th anniversary of the   introduction of British troops into Northern Ireland.
Friday's attack was the worst on the   mainland since the virtually simultaneous bombings of July, 1982, directed at ceremonial   military units in London's Hyde Park and Regent's Park.
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher said   Monday the Irish Republican Army members who blew up the Royal Marines School of   Music and killed 10 bandsmen last week are ``monsters'' who will be found and   punished.
Prime Minister Charles Haughey of   Ireland condemned the attack and sent Mrs. Thatcher a message of sympathy at ``this   outrage ...
Residents of the area adjoining the   Marines school said Friday that despite government calls for stepped-up public alertness   against terrorists, security at the school had eased noticeably.
The Royal Marines Music School is   one of 30 military establishments in Britain that use private security firms, Defense   Ministry figures show.
King defended the use of private   security firms hired to guard the Deal school and 29 other ``low-risk'' military   installations in Britain.
King said the private firms will   remain.
Clergyman urged relatives and friends   of dead and maimed musicians to forgive the bombers.
