Thunderstorms wreaked havoc across the   middle Mississippi Valley and the Southeast on Wednesday with lethal tornadoes,   wind up to 100 mph and hail up to the size of baseballs.
At least four tornadoes pounded the   Huntsville, Ala., area.
A tornado slammed into a shopping   district, a residential area and a school Wednesday, killing at least 15 people,   injuring more than 300 and trapping people in cars and homes, authorities   said.
Employees at a jewelry store huddled   in the vault while the shop came down around them.
A man in an apartment building stayed   in his bathtub while the bathroom walls crumbled and fell.
Telephone communication and   electricity were disrupted by the tornadoes and WAAY-TV, the only station still   broadcasting, reported widespread damage .
Gov.
Guy Hunt sent 50 National   Guardsmen to help and said he would view damage Friday.
President Bush issued a disaster   declaration Friday morning to clear the way for tornado victims to receive   federal relief.
Cooper said about $1 million may be   needed in the form of individual and family grants to provide clothing and   temporary housing.
Marilyn Quayle, wife of Vice President   Dan Quayle, praised the heroism of this tornado-ravaged northern Alabama city's   residents during a visit Saturday.
The tornado left 18 people dead,   hundreds injured and up to 1,000 homeless.
Southern Illinois was also hard hit by   the storms, with one woman killed by a falling tree, about 20 people injured and   power lines downed.
In Georgia, five people were injured,   four critically, after a tornado struck two mobile home parks and an interstate   highway near Palmetto .
By this afternoon, severe thunderstorms   were crossing the Northeast.
The National Weather Service put out a   tornado watch for parts of Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New   York, all of Connecticut and Rhode Island, and parts of Massachusetts, Vermont   and New Hampshire.
Tornadoes were reported in New Jersey,   Delaware, Virginia and New York, although the National Weather Service was   unable to confirm them.
A violent storm that spun tornadoes   across the South and Midwest blew north Thursday, knocking a cafeteria wall down   on top of lunching schoolchildren in upstate New York.
The cafeteria cave-in claimed the   lives of seven children near Newburgh, N.Y., and deaths also were reported in   New York City, New Jersey and Illinois.
The storm was particularly violent   because it occurred along a line of extreme variations in temperature.
The two-day toll was at least 27 dead   and hundreds injured.
