The earthquake that devastated Iran  early Thursday took tens of thousands of lives because people were asleep in  fragile homes built on flood plains, an earthquake expert said.
At least 25,000 people died and  thousands were injured in the quake, which demolished scores of villages and  buried thousands of people in the rubble of their homes, Iranian officials  said.
The 7.7-magnitude quake was the  largest ever recorded in that area, where two major plates of the earth's  crust meet, Needhams said.
Iran is deliberately  underreporting the number of casualties from Thursday's massive earthquake  out of fear of a political backlash, leaders of a group seeking to overthrow  the country's Islamic leadership say.
Gobadi said the country cannot  properly assist earthquake victims because its treasury has been spent in a  war with neighboring Iraq and against internal opposition.
It argued that by ``plundering  Iran's oil and other resources'' for 25 years, the United States had  prevented the use of even a small part of the national wealth for urban  development projects and ``advanced (anti-seismic) building construction  systems''.
The shipment that arrived Sunday  was the first of its kind to be accepted by Iran since the hostage crisis of  1979-80, when 52 Americans were held at the U.S. Another plane carrying U.S.  government aid was due today.
The Saudi-based 46-member  Organization of the Islamic Conference, an umbrella organization for the  world's estimated one billion Moslems, issued an ``urgent appeal to the  international community and especially Islamic countries and organizations  to hasten with emergency aid for the Iranians ''... AmeriCares, a private  U.S. relief organization based in New Canaan, Conn., flew in the 42 tons  pounds of supplies that arrived Sunday.
Iran said today that it would  welcome relief offered by its bitter enemy, the United States, to help  victims of the earthquake that has killed as many as 35,000 people, the  State Department said in Washington .
The death toll was higher than a  quake that killed 25,000 people in nearby Soviet Armenia in December, 1988,  and a quake in Iran in 1978 that also killed 25,000 .
State Department officials said  the government gave $300,000 worth of supplies to the American Red Cross for  shipment to Iran -- including 1,000 hard hats, 1,000 pairs of leather  gloves, 10,000 face masks, 2,940 wool blankets and about 500 tents .
Orange County's Iranian community  launched an ambitious effort Sunday to collect half a million dollars in  money, medicine, tents, blankets and sleeping bags for hundreds of thousands  of injured and homeless people in earthquake-ravaged Iran .
Estimates of the number killed in  the devastating quake reached 50,000, with an additional 200,000 injured  .
