CALGARY, Alberta (AP) Debi Thomas' dream of Olympic   gold turned into disappointment Saturday as East Germany's Katarina   Witt won her second straight Olympic championship and Canadian   Elizabeth Manley took home the silver before a crowd of cheering   countrymen.
The best America could do was   six medals, its worst Winter Games showing in 52 years.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) Noted for her long, painted   fingernails and racy, colorful bodysuits, Griffith Joyner of Los   Angeles has a chance to match the 1984 quadruple gold medal performance   of U.S. sprinter and long jumper Carl Lewis, and by Fanny Blankers-Koen   of the Netherlands in 1948 .
The Soviets took home 132   medals, including 55 gold, the most ever in a Summer Olympics without a   major-power boycott.
The United States finished   third in medals.
The Summer Olympics will be   remembered for moments of glory like that enjoyed by U.S. diver Greg   Louganis and the startling moment of disgrace when the gold was   stripped from Canadian sprinter Ben Johnson.
Olympic Gold Falls in   Advertising Value --- Medal Winners Lack Appeal As Endorsers Now, marketers say, these   medalists will be lucky to pull in $100,000 to $500,000 a year.
Dave Johnson of the United   States clinched the decathlon gold medal in the final event at the   World University Games Sunday .
The late Jesse Owens, whose   performance at the 1936 Olympics put the lie to Hitler's boasts of   racial superiority, picked up a fifth gold medal Wednesday for   ``humanitarian contributions in the race of life''.
President Bush presented the   Congressional Gold Medal to his widow, Ruth Owens, in a ceremony at the   White House also attended by three daughters and teammates of the track   legend.
SHOOTER BAKES SETS RECORD, WINS   GOLD Bakes, 27, set a world record in   the kneeling portion of the three-position rifle competition Friday en   route to a gold medal at the 1990 World Cup USA Olympic-style shooting   tournament at Petersen's Prado Tiro Ranges in Chino .
TONIGHT in the big stadium in Barcelona the   athletics is dominated by the four relay finals.
What the relays demonstrate more clearly   than any other athletics event is that at the Olympics the race has   traditionally gone to affluent countries - or to those, rather, that   choose to lavish resources on athletes.
The Cuban women's 100 metres relay teams   of 1968 and 1972 are the only women from outside the developed world to   have won relay medals.
