A major earthquake rocked   northern California Tuesday evening, collapsing part of the San   Francisco Bay Bridge and shaking Candlestick Park and buildings up to   95 miles away.
The quake was felt as far   away as Reno, Nev., 225 miles to the northeast.
It was not immediately clear   how extensive the damage was from the quake, which struck at 5:04 p.m.   PDT and registered 6.9 on the Richter scale.
It was centered near   Hollister, 80 miles southeast of San Francisco in San Benito   County.
The San Francisco earthquake   of 1906, which occurred before the Richter scale was devised, has been   estimated at 8.3 on the Richter scale.
Fans at Candlestick screamed   as the stadium swayed shortly before the San Francisco Giants and   Oakland Athletics were to have begun the third game of the World   Series.
Televised footage of the   bridge showed that a 30-foot section of the span's upper deck had   collapsed onto the bottom level.
San Francisco Mayor Art Agnos   has estimated damage $2 billion in his city alone.
1 -- Major fires hit Marina   District "The buildings that collapsed   did so because of a combination of two things: very poor soil and very   poor structural design," said Peter I. Yanev, chairman of EQE   Engineering Inc., a structural engineering firm in San Francisco .
"What collapsed and killed   some people were four-story apartment buildings that had garages built   all the way along the bottom (floor)," Yanev said.
Jay Cahill, an owner of   Cahill Construction Co., a contractor that built several high-rises in   the city, said the earthquake codes "did their job".
Ever since the 1906 earthquake   devastated San Francisco, many scientists have believed the next ``big   one'' would strike the Los Angeles end of the mighty San Andreas   Fault.
SCIENTISTS LAST YEAR HAD   PINPOINTED TUESDAY'S SITE AS LIKELY TO BE JOLTED Thomas Heaton, the Geological   Survey scientist in charge of the agency's Pasadena field office, said   that the 1987 and 1988 earthquakes now must be seen as "preshocks" of   the Tuesday's 6.9 temblor.
Private groups and officials   from Tokyo to London to Charleston, S.C., offered help to the ruptured   San Francisco Bay area, but some said relief for the earthquake could   drain coffers already strained by previous disasters.
President Bush directed $273   million in immediate aid for quake victims and said he would visit the   area Friday or Saturday.
Although they are a continent   apart, the cities of Charleston, S.C., and San Francisco now share a   fateful page in the ledger of time.
