The earthquake that devastated   Iran early Thursday took tens of thousands of lives because people were   asleep in fragile homes built on flood plains, an earthquake expert   said.
The earthquake that struck   northern Iran brought reminders of another quake that devastated Soviet   Armenia in 1988.
In December, 1988, a powerful   earthquake killed 25,000 people in Soviet Armenia, which borders   Azerbaijan .
The Armenian quake was   measured at 6.9 on the Richter scale, but Thursday's earthquake shook   the earth with a magnitude of 7.7 according to the U.S.
The estimated 50,000 dead in   the Iran earthquake make it the world's fourth deadliest quake in the   past half-century.
The quake struck an area of   Iran where most of the buildings are built on a flood plain of loosely   deposited soil that shifts in an earthquake and allows structures to   collapse, Needham said.
Countries worldwide, both   friendly and hostile to Tehran's Islamic government, sent supplies,   medical personnel and condolences to Iran, where about 40,000 people   have died in an earthquake.
Iranian officials have said   they would welcome aid from all countries except Israel and South   Africa .
The State Department said   Friday that Iran was willing to accept earthquake relief from the   American Red Cross and other U.S. humanitarian organizations .
An anti-American newspaper in   Iran said Sunday the United States is partly to blame for the death of   tens of thousands of people in last week's earthquake.
It argued that by   ``plundering Iran's oil and other resources'' for 25 years, the United   States had prevented the use of even a small part of the national   wealth for urban development projects and ``advanced (anti-seismic)   building construction systems''.
United Nations Fund for the   Iran Earthquake (467-1120 or 456-4000) -- Collecting antibiotic and   analgesic drugs, collapsible plastic water containers, plastic   sheeting, 220-volt portable generators of less than 10 kilowatts,   tents, blankets, dry food, light clothing, flashlights and lighting   equipment.
The official Soviet news   agency Tass reported that a professional lifesaving team from the   Armenian capital of Yerevan flew Saturday to Iran.
The team gained experience in   the devastating 1988 earthquake in Armenia that killed 25,000   people.
Trucks carried aid into   earthquake-stricken Iran on Saturday from Soviet Azerbaijan, which   observed a day of mourning for victims, the official Tass news agency   said .
Pope John Paul II was "very   saddened" by the earthquake and has donated personal funds to help   victims of the disaster, the Vatican said .
