Hirohito died of cancer on   Jan. 7 at age 87.
TOKYO (AP _ Emperor Hirohito   will be remembered for one overwhelming decision during his 62-year   reign: Japan must bow to defeat for the first time in its history and   end the Pacific conflict in World War II.
World leaders sent Japan   messages of condolences and some declared states of mourning after   Emperor Hirohito's death Saturday, but painful memories of World War II   still generated criticism of the Japanese monarch.
President Reagan said   Hirohito's 62-year reign ``spanned one of the most tumultuous, and yet   at the same time constructive eras in the history of mankind.
India declared a three-day   national state of mourning in honor of Hirohito and Norway's King Olav   V announced a three-week court mourning.
Reaction to Hirohito's death   at age 87, however, was decidedly cool in several Asian countries,   including South Korea, which endured years of harsh colonial rule by   Japan.
While South Korea President   Roh Tae-Woo sent his condolences, a government party statement added,   ``We reserve further comment, considering the unhappy past and the   current Korea-Japan relationship''.
Korea was divided into the   communist north and the capitalist south in 1945, when U.S. and Soviet   troops ended Japan's rule that began in 1910 with Japan's forced   annexation of the peninsula.
China extended condolences   and Taiwan said it will send a delegation to the funeral.
But Taiwan's daily United   Evening News said: ``It was an irony that while Hirohito apologized to   the United States and Europe for the war, he did not direct a single   word to China to show his sorrow''.
The BBC will show ``Hirohito   _ Behind the Myth'' on Jan. 24.
The documentary challenges   Hirohito's image as a peaceful man forced to go along with his   generals' plans and alleges among other things that he: _Must have   known about the massacre of at least 20,000 Chinese at Nanking in 1937   because he received regular detailed reports from the China front.
_Knew more than a month in   advance of Japanese plans to attack the U.S. navy at Pearl Harbor on   Dec. 7, 1941.
The documentary says the   decision not to prosecute Hirohito came from President Harry S. Truman   and that Tojo's evidence was altered so the emperor would not be   incriminated .
