Sept. 11 _ Forecasters   monitor new tropical wave forming off West Africa, southwest of the   Cape Verde Islands.
Guadeloupe is devasted by   winds measuring up to 150 mph.
Early reports say 97 percent   of the buildings were damaged or destroyed on St. Croix, population   53,000.
Sept. 18 (daybreak) _ Hugo   crosses the northeast corner of Puerto Rico.
Damage is estimated at   hundreds of millions of dollars and homes of at least 50,000 people   were destroyed or damaged.
Hurricane Hugo struck South   Carolina with renewed fury Thursday after thousands of coastal   residents in southeastern states grabbed what they could carry and fled   inland on jammed highways.
The storm, which caused   billions in damage, claimed 17 lives in South Carolina, and only two   were in the Charleston area, which bore the brunt of Hugo's 135 mph   winds.
Using the information from   the satellite, supercomputers at the National Meteorological Center in   Suitland, Md., send information to the hurricane center where a   tracking model constantly changes to account for current weather   conditions and the position of the hurricane.
Amid the uproar of live   coverage by the major networks and scores of other media organizations,   National Hurricane Center forecasters went about their business of   monitoring Hurricane Hugo.
But hurricane tracking remains   an uncertain science.
The hurricane specialists   were surprised by the last-minute increase in wind speed, which was   reported to them by Air Force reconnaissance.
Before the hurricane warning   system was established, a storm of Hugo's power would have cost   thousands of lives.
Sept. 22 _ Hugo was   downgraded to a tropical storm at 6 a.m. Friday.
The ``greenhouse effect'' may   breed bigger and deadlier hurricanes in the future, storms up to 50   percent stronger than Hugo and last year's record-setting Gilbert, some   meteorologists say.
``You'll get worse hurricanes   if the Caribbean is warmer,'' he said.
Hugo demonstrated the effect   of warm Atlantic waters when its winds jumped from 105 mph to 135 mph   as it passed over the Gulf Stream before hitting the East Coast,   Schneider said.
The two dominant home and   automobile insurers in the Carolinas said Tuesday that they expect to   be hit with about $600 million in claims from Hurricane Hugo.
Such heavy losses suggest   that the storm will be the most expensive ever for the insurance   industry .
Officials said property   damage from Hugo escalated because the storm scored a direct hit on   Charleston and then, instead of heading out to sea, veered northwest,   hitting other population centers, including Charlotte, N.C .
