The crippling drought hitting   North America is expected to reduce world grain stocks to levels that   may cause food shortages in many poor countries, the U.N.
Weather forecasters today   were offering drought-stricken farmers little prospect of relief in   separate outlooks for the next 30 days and three months.
A new climate assessment of   the ongoing drought said ``many areas now experiencing extreme drought   have less than a 4 percent chance of recovering from the drought within   3 months''.
The report noted that as of   the end of June, 29 percent of the continental United States was   experiencing severe or extreme drought, with parts of 35 states   affected.
That puts the current drought   on the same level as the one in 1911, but still less severe than the   droughts of 1936, 1931, 1956 and 1934 .
The drought may force the   government to ease crop acreage controls next year to help the United   States rebuild its grain inventories, Agriculture Secretary Richard E.   Lyng said Monday.
A larger portion of the   United States suffered from some degree of drought stress in May and   June than at any point since records began in 1895, Lyng said .
``Because of the large early   season area now experiencing drought in the U.S., 1988 appears to have   the potential to approach or exceed the drought-affected areas of the   1930s and 1950s,'' Lyng said.
Even with the severe drought,   there will be an adequate supply of food grains and livestock feed   grains so that the United States ``will be able to take care of our   domestic needs and our export demand,'' he said.
Heavy rain deluged some   drought-hit areas as Congress began working on a package of relief for   America's farmers, and farmers in Kentucky today greeted the arrival of   the first shipment of hay airlifted free from Oregon.
In central Ohio, farmers   awaited what will be the largest haylift of the season _ 50 truckloads   of hay from the South scheduled to arrive Thursday night in Columbus   .
In Washington, the House and   Senate Agriculture committees began working on wide-ranging legislation   that would provide payments of up to $100,000 each to farmers whose   crops have been wiped out by the dry spell.
Public interest in the Earth's   troubled climate may be washed away with the heavy rains that are   needed to end the current U.S. drought, weather experts warned during a   drought symposium here.
