Thousands of Americans piled into   cars and buses with dogs, cats and duffel bags and left Clark Air Base today after   scientists warned that the eruption of a nearby volcano could turn catastrophic.
The decision to evacuate one   of the largest overseas U.S. military bases was made early today after   searing gases, ash and rock shot out of 4,795-foot Mount Pinatubo on   Sunday at speeds of up to 60 mph .
The Americans who fled   Clark with a few belongings Monday moved in with sailors and their   families at Subic Bay naval base, 50 miles to the southwest.
But officials issued no   general evacuation order for Angeles, even though the city is next to   Clark Air Base.
U.S. geologists advising   the Philippine government said most of Angeles was not at risk,   apparently basing their assessment on earth samples indicating that   earlier eruptions had reached the area on which Clark now stands but   had spared what is now Angeles.
Friday, eight thunderous   explosions shot a cloud of ash and steam nearly 19 miles high.
Friday's eruptions hurled   ash over Clark, 10 miles east of the volcano, and Subic, 25 miles   southwest, where the Clark personnel had been temporarily housed.
President Corazon Aquino   helicoptered to refugee centers near Angeles briefly before returning   to Manila for an Independence Day rally and parade at Luneta Park.
She authorized the release   of $1.42 million for relief efforts.
U.S. officials have refused   to say whether nuclear weapons are stored at Clark, but they denied   news reports suggesting a radiation danger if weapons depots on the   base were hit by molten rock.
At least four people have   died, 24 have been hurt and four have been listed as missing since   Pinatubo began erupting Sunday, after lying dormant for six centuries,   officials said.
About 84,000 people,   including Americans, have been evacuated.
Friday's eruptions hurled   ash over Clark, 10 miles east of the volcano, and Subic, 25 miles   southwest, where the Clark personnel had been temporarily housed.
Raymundo Punongbayan,   director of the Philippine Institute of Vulcanology and Seismology,   said Friday's blasts were part of a single eruption, the largest since   Mount Pinatubo awoke Sunday from its 600-year slumber.
Punongbayan said Mount   Pinatubo could remain active for years if it follows the pattern of   similar Philippine volcanoes.
That would leave Clark   unusable .
