The Quayle family and friends were  celebrating Tuesday afternoon after George Bush announced he wants the  41-year-old Indiana senator to be the Republican nominee for vice  president.
Dan Quayle, who grew up in  Huntington, graduated from DePauw University, a small liberal arts college  in Greencastle, Ind., before going to work in the Indiana attorney general's  office in 1970.
Dan Quayle has not yet been  nominated for vice president and already Republicans are comparing him to  Thomas Jefferson and John F. Kennedy.
Sen. Bob Dole of Kansas, who  placed Quayle's name in nomination, stressed his campaign skills and sought  to deflect concerns that he lacked experience for the job.
Encumbered by his image as a  political novice who needed a bevy of professional handlers to survive early  campaign controversies, Quayle enters a Bush administration in which he has  few intimates or allies.
When asked, Bush employed the  stock lines that Quayle would ``make an outstanding vice president'' and had  been ``tempered by steel'' as he weathered the early furor over his military  service, academic record and personal life.
Democrats portrayed Quayle during  the campaign as a lightweight, a man with little or no legislative  accomplishments, untested and unqualified to be a heartbeat away from the  presidency.
Quayle didn't help his case by  making a number of celebrated gaffes during the campaign, perhaps the worst  being his garbled explanation of the Holocaust and his declaration, ``I  didn't live in this century''.
One year after his election, Dan  Quayle has achieved all he ever wanted: He has become dull .
So when Quayle got to Washington,  he got there with one goal: Support the President and make himself a very  small target.
Nonetheless, most of  Huntington's 17,000 residents have rallied around their native son for the  exhibition, which tracks his life from infancy through law school, from the  Senate to the vice presidency.
Relegated in the campaign to small  towns and safe GOP areas, Quayle as vice president is likely to be given a  traditional ceremonial role _ going to political gatherings and state  funerals _ rather than the advisory role that Walter Mondale and even Bush  had, some scholars feel.
Friends said the Quayles are  devoted to their three children and prefer quiet nights at home to nights  out on the town in Washington.
