Debi Thomas' dream of Olympic gold  turned into disappointment Saturday as East Germany's Katarina Witt won her  second straight Olympic championship and Canadian Elizabeth Manley took home  the silver before a crowd of cheering countrymen.
Time ran out for the U.S. athletes  when the Winter Olympics ended Sunday, with a team headed by Brent Rushlaw a  tick away from a U.S. bobsled medal and Dutch speed skater Yvonne van Gennip  a triple gold medalist with time to spare.
The best America could do was six  medals, its worst Winter Games showing in 52 years.
As the Olympics winded up its  next-to-last day, the Soviet Union had 27 medals, including 11 golds, while  East Germany in second place had 22, including nine golds .
Griffith Joyner dashed to her  second gold in 21.34 seconds, shattering the world mark she had set just 90  minutes earlier in her semifinal heat.
Security measures against the  possibility of terrorism were extraordinary, including metal detectors,  numerous checkpoints and ID cards, but except for scattered protests by  student radicals, the Games proceeded without incident.
The Summer Olympics will be  remembered for moments of glory like that enjoyed by U.S. diver Greg  Louganis and the startling moment of disgrace when the gold was stripped  from Canadian sprinter Ben Johnson.
Still, there were Louganis and  other Americans to unabashedly cheer for _ like sisters-in-law Florence  Griffith Joyner and Jackie Joyner-Kersee, who led an assault on the track  and field record books, and Louganis.
The US has comfortably won the most relay  medals, followed by Britain, the former Soviet Union, the former West  Germany (not even counting the six won before 1939), the former East  Germany, France and Canada.
Bakes, 27, set a world record in  the kneeling portion of the three-position rifle competition Friday en route  to a gold medal at the 1990 World Cup USA Olympic-style shooting tournament  at Petersen's Prado Tiro Ranges in Chino .
Dave Johnson of the United States  clinched the decathlon gold medal in the final event at the World University  Games Sunday .
Ad agency executives, who spend  every fourth year glued to their TV sets, hoping to pick out the next star  to hawk their clients' products, say that this Olympiad was a dud.
President Bush presented the  Congressional Gold Medal to his widow, Ruth Owens, in a ceremony at the  White House also attended by three daughters and teammates of the track  legend.
