The bodies of 47 sailors   killed in the gun explosion on the Iowa arrived in the United States on   Thursday as the Navy tried to figure out what caused the battleship's   turret to blow up.
The explosion occurred during   open seas gun practice 300 miles north of Puerto Rico.
Dooley said the investigation   would be ``fairly complex'' because there were no witnesses.
During the trip home,   investigators on board were reviewing a videotape of the turret taken   by an Iowa officer who had wanted to record the firing of the big guns   when the explosion occurred, said Lt.
This indicated the explosion   occurred while the powder bags were still being loaded into the gun,   the Times said, citing unidentified sources.
Six 110-pound sacks of powder   are rammed into each gun after it is loaded with a 1,900-pound   shell.
Cheney indicated the   casualties were all in the swiveling gun house at the top of the   turret, rather than the mechanical compartments and ammunition   magazines below it.
Eleven men escaped from   powder magazines deep within the ship at the base of the turret.
At the White House, President   Bush brushed aside suggestions that the explosion was due to the age of   the Iowa, a World War II leviathan brought out of mothballs during the   military buildup of the Reagan administration.
The Navy imposed a moratorium   on firing 16-inch guns found on the Iowa and its three sister   battleships, the New Jersey, the Wisconsin and the Missouri, pending an   investigation of the disaster.
Critics have charged that the   battleship's 16-inch guns are antiquated and dangerous; gunners say   they are among the most accurate available .
The Washington Post reported   in its Saturday editions that crewmen in the upper chambers of the gun   turret were killed by the explosion and fire while sailors working   several levels below suffocated when the blast sucked all the oxygen   out of the spaces.
The scarred battleship USS   Iowa made a somber return Sunday to its home port, where about 3,000   family members and friends of the crew welcomed loved ones who escaped   an explosion that killed 47 sailors.
Two of the surviving crewmen   of No.
2 turret stood on top of the fire-blackened turret as the ship   pulled into the pier, with full crews on the ship's two other turrets,   the Navy said.
On Monday morning, President   Bush will lead a memorial service in a base hangar that can accommodate   3,000 people.
