Much of the Moscow News   article seemed designed to undo harm caused to the Sakharovs by   previous press campaigns against them.
The human rights activist was   banished in 1980 to the closed city for opposing the Soviet occupation   of Afghanistan.
Sakharov's apartment on a   major thoroughfare has been a mecca for Soviets seeking his aid since   he and his wife were allowed to return from exile in the closed city of   Gorky in December 1986.
Since then, Sakharov, who was   one of the creators of his nation's hydrogen bomb, has vocally   supported Soviet leader Mikhail S. Gorbachev's reform campaign,   but has called for the liberation of all political prisoners and more   improvements in the field of human rights.
Sakharov called for a ban on   nuclear testing long before the Kremlin.
Sakharov arrived in the   United States on Sunday to visit relatives and receive medical   treatment before going to Washington for a White House visit and a   board meeting of the International Foundation for the Survival and   Development of Humanity, of which he is a director.
In a major rebuff to the   Soviet Union's scientific establishment, Soviet physicists Friday   nominated Nobel laureate Andrei D. Sakharov to run as a candidate in   nationwide parliamentary elections scheduled for March.
The overwhelming vote in   favor of the 67-year-old human-rights advocate by his colleagues at   Moscow's leading physics institute came only two days after his   candidacy was rejected by the governing board of the Academy of   Sciences.
Sakharov was elected in April   to the new Soviet Congress of People's Deputies, just two years after   he was released from seven years of internal exile.
He called for total freedom   of movement and association.
SOVIET UNION NEAR ECONOMIC   CATASTROPHE, SAKHAROV WARNS Sakharov, however, used the   occasion to outline his hopes for a multiparty system, public control   over the KGB security police, and the convergence of communism and   capitalism.
Sakharov, who acted as an   unofficial Kremlin envoy to the troubled Transcaucasian region last   month, said he was particularly dismayed by a government crackdown   against leading Armenian nationalists.
The 68-year-old scientist and   human rights activist died Thursday of an apparent heart attack in his   Moscow apartment.
On Saturday, Pravda published   what amounted to a public apology to Sakharov.
Outpouring of Grief For   Sakharov A son and daughter from his   first marriage and son and daughter of Bonner also attended, along with   four grandchildren.
