Famous Allied Checkpoint Dividing East   And West Berlin Removed Checkpoint Charlie, the Berlin Wall   border post that symbolized the Cold War, was hoisted into history today .
As a brass band played and foreign   ministers of the four World War II allies watched, a crane lifted the   prefabricated hut with its American, British and French flags and placed it on a   flatbed truck to be taken to a museum .
Checkpoint Charlie went up in 1961 in   the middle of the Friedrichstrasse boulevard after Communist East Germany   erected the Berlin Wall to choke off a flood of refugees to the enclave of West   Berlin .
Since East Germany overthrew its   Communist government last fall and the German borders were opened, Checkpoint   Charlie has become as superfluous as the crumbling Berlin Wall.
With the wall being dismantled daily   in anticipation of German unification, U.S. officials decided to remove   Checkpoint Charlie with a grand flourish.
Secretary of State James A. Baker III,   Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze and their counterparts from France,   Britain and the two Germanys presided over the ceremony.
The German and Allied foreign   ministers are meeting in East Berlin to discuss the status of the city and a   united Germany's role in world affairs.
The ceremony was closed to the public   but not to the residents of the buildings that line Friedrich Street, which had   been divided by the Berlin Wall since 1961.
Illa Wobig leaned out her window and   watched the ceremony unfold just 20 yards below the fourth-floor apartment where   she has lived for 24 years.
``I saw eight people shot to death on   that street,'' she said.
She said she also saw at least 20   successful escapes, by tunnel, car and on foot.
Baker, Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard   Shevardnadze and the foreign ministers from France, Britain and the two Germanys   each heralded the end of the checkpoint as a symbol of change.
The Soviet Union said today that a   united Germany can join NATO after a five-year transition period during which   all Soviet and U.S. troops would leave the country.
The United States rejected the   proposal, a U.S. official said.
The proposal was outlined by Soviet   Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze during international talks in East Berlin   on the strategic future of a united Germany.
A U.S. official, speaking on condition   of anonymity, said U.S. officials objected to the five-year time limit before   Germany could join NATO.
