Leonard Bernstein, whose 70th   birthday in August was marked with a gala at Tanglewood, returned to   Carnegie Hall with the New York Philharmonic 45 years after he made his   triumphant conducting debut there with the orchestra.
The 72-year-old maestro   suffers from a lung tumor, emphysema and pulmonary infections and has   been told by his doctor to stop conducting and performing on the piano,   his spokeswoman said Tuesday.
Bernstein's announcement   was met with dismay in the music world, especially at the New York   Philharmonic, which he directed from 1958 to 1969.
Leonard Bernstein, the   Renaissance man of music who excelled as pianist, composer, conductor   and teacher and was, as well, the flamboyant ringmaster of his own   nonstop circus, died Sunday in his Manhattan apartment.
Flags at Lincoln Center,   where the New York Philharmonic performs, were lowered in memory of the   orchestra's first American-born music director.
Famed for his gymnastics at   the podium, Bernstein composed symphonies as well as movie scores and   Broadway shows such as ``West Side Story,'' ``On the Town'' and   ``Candide''.
It was on television in the   1950s and 1960s, with his "Young People's Concerts" of the Philharmonic   and "Omnibus," that Bernstein taught the nation .
The television classics won   Bernstein a coveted Peabody award .
Bernstein was the first   American-born conductor to lead a major symphony orchestra, often   joining his New York Philharmonic in playing his own pieces, while   conducting from the piano .
For the New York   Philharmonic, it was supposed to be a night of Beethoven and   Shostakovich.
The fates made it a night of   Leonard Bernstein.
So four nights after   Bernstein's death at age 72, Beethoven's ``Violin Concerto'' became   Bernstein's ``Serenade for Solo Violin, String Orchestra, Harp and   Percussion'' (1954); Shostakovich's ``Symphony No.
4'' became   Bernstein's ``Symphony No.
1 (Jeremiah),'' written in 1942.
It was an extraordinary   concert.
At Harvard University,   Bernstein studied piano and composition, but developed a serious   interest in composing only after meeting American composer Aaron   Copland .
They became lifelong   friends.
A heavy smoker and drinker   who partied or worked until dawn and slept until noon, he claimed he   composed or studied scores even when surrounded by people .
Raising the high-brow music   world's eyebrows, Bernstein campaigned with other celebrities for the   civil rights of blacks in the 1960s and against the Vietnam War in the   1970s.
