Leonard Bernstein, the Renaissance man   of music who excelled as pianist, composer, conductor and teacher and was, as   well, the flamboyant ringmaster of his own nonstop circus, died Sunday in his   Manhattan apartment.
Bernstein was the first American-born   conductor to lead a major symphony orchestra, often joining his New York   Philharmonic in playing his own pieces, while conducting from the piano .
He etched other niches in history by   composing the indelible "West Side Story" and teaching a generation about   classical music via the innovative television series "Omnibus" .
"An assessment of Bernstein must   include his talent and contribution as a teacher and popularizer of music, a   role that has set him apart most from other performers," conductor, historian   and Bard College President Leon Botstein wrote in Harper's in 1983 .
Bernstein, who died of lung failure   Sunday at age 72, was buried this afternoon in private ceremonies at Greenwood   Cemetery in Brooklyn.
Bernstein, 71, has suffered from   severe influenza, pleurisy, and pneumonia since the beginning of the year,   Cahill said in a statement released by Harry Kraut, Bernstein's manager.
Flags at Lincoln Center, where the New   York Philharmonic performs, were lowered in memory of the orchestra's first   American-born music director.
For the New York Philharmonic, it was   supposed to be a night of Beethoven and Shostakovich.
The fates made it a night of Leonard   Bernstein.
But this was HIS orchestra, and the   musicians came to pay tribute to THEIR laureate conductor, who led them through   1,244 concerts during his 47-year association with the Philharmonic.
Wednesday's midday concert at Carnegie   Hall also came on the 90th birthday of the late composer-conductor's close   friend, Aaron Copland.
In addition to the Leonard Bernstein   tribute that is part of the Los Angeles Philharmonic program this weekend, other   local orchestras are also planning special remembrances.
Laughter and tears flowed freely as   the Broadway theatrical community said goodby Thursday to Leonard Bernstein at   the Majestic Theater.
Recordings by Leonard Bernstein, one of   the most documented conductors in history, will undergo expanded release   programs following the conductor's death on Sunday, said representatives of the   recording companies controlling the late Bernstein's catalogues .
Three movies whose scores he composed   are also on home video: The Leonard Bernstein Gala Birthday   Performance is a benefit concert scheduled for the composer's 70th birthday,   Aug. 25, to raise money for the Tanglewood Music Center, where Bernstein got his   conducting start.
