Tropical Storm Gilbert formed in the   eastern Caribbean and strengthened into a hurricane Saturday night.
The weather service issued a flash   flood watch for Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands until at least 6 p.m.   Sunday.
Forecasters said the hurricane was   gaining strength as it passed over the ocean and would dump heavy rain on the   Dominican Republic and Haiti as it moved south of Hispaniola, the Caribbean   island they share, and headed west.
Officials in the Dominican Republic,   sideswiped Sunday by the storm, reported five dead.
Hurricane Gilbert slammed into Kingston   on Monday with torrential rains and 115 mph winds that ripped roofs off homes   and buildings, uprooted trees and downed power lines.
Forecasters say Gilbert was expected   to lash Jamaica throughout the day and was on track to later strike the Cayman   Islands, a small British dependency northwest of Jamaica.
The storm killed 19 people in Jamaica   and five in the Dominican Republic before moving west to Mexico.
The Jamaican Embassy reported earlier   that 500,000 of the nation's 2.3 million people were homeless.
Seaga said Jamaica would need $8   billion in aid.
Gilbert also buffeted the Cayman   Islands, but no deaths were reported .
``All interests in the Western   Caribbean should continue to monitor the progress of this dangerous hurricane,''   the service advised.
Hurricane Gilbert, one of the   strongest storms ever, slammed into the Yucatan Peninsula Wednesday and leveled   thatched homes, tore off roofs, uprooted trees and cut off the Caribbean resorts   of Cancun and Cozumel.
The eye of the storm passed over   Cozumel and Cancun with howling winds clocked at 160 mph at about 8 a.m.   EDT.
Looters roamed the streets of Cancun,   stealing from stores whose windows were blown away.
The storm was about 550 miles   southeast of Brownsville, Texas, the center said in a statement.
The National Hurricane Center said   Gilbert was the most intense storm on record in terms of barometric   pressure.
Earlier Wednesday Gilbert was   classified as a Category 5 storm, the strongest ad deadliest type of   hurricane.
Only two Category 5 hurricanes have   hit the United States _ the 1935 storm that killed 408 people in Florida and   Hurricane Camille that devastated the Mississippi coast in 1969, killing 256   people.
Hurricane Gilbert's growth from a   harmless low pressure zone off Africa to a ferocious killer in the Gulf of   Mexico was fueled by a combination of heat, moisture and wind that baffles   forecasters.
