John Lennon spent much of a  three-year span tucked away in his room, sleeping or sitting in a lotus  position with his head enveloped in tobacco or marijuana smoke, according to  a biography of the slain Beatle.
A biography that portrays John  Lennon as a drug-addled, anorexic bisexual who raged his way from Liverpool  to New York City is ``totally fiction,'' Yoko Ono said in a national radio  broadcast.
As for the sensational charges of  bisexuality, drug abuse by Yoko and John, wild drinking binges, anorexia and  reclusiveness, Goldman says it all fits together with the image of Lennon  presented by those who knew him.
The book has already drawn angry  responses from friends of Lennon and Ono McCartney, who contradicted one  anecdote involving Lennon smashing a painting in Paul's home, has urged a  boycott of the book.
Lennon was murdered outside his  Upper West Side home on Dec. 8, 1980, by Mark David Chapman.
The 50th anniversary of John  Lennon's birth was observed with a global celebration today as his peace  anthem ``Imagine'' was played for an estimated 1 billion people in 130  nations.
``Lennon always symbolized for us  somebody who was able to handle rock and roll with a sense of humor and  later, even more importantly, as someone who cared for the rights of an  individual, human rights in general, and who had the right concept of  freedom and peace,'' said Ondrej Konrad, the editor of Czechoslovakia's  leading popular music publication.
About 1,000 Soviets, mostly second  generation Beatles fans, flocked to the Moscow Electrical Lamp Factory's  cultural hall in northeastern part of the city to rejoice in Lennon's  music.
None of the other Beatles were at  the United Nations, but a tribute came from Lennon's old songwriting  partner, Paul McCartney, who released a live version of the Beatles' tune  ``Birthday''.
Dozens of fans of rock legend and  former Beatle John Lennon gathered in the snow on a windy Saturday for a  ceremony marking the 10th anniversary of his death.
Marketing an icon; Since his  death in 1980, Ono has steadily kept Lennon products coming out: the albums  "Milk and Honey" and "Menlove Avenue" and the 4-CD boxed set "The John  Lennon Collection"; the book "Skywriting by Word of Mouth," a collection of  Lennon's unpublished writings; Lennon's art, which Ono says was his main  interest in his final years; and Lennon-inspired merchandise, such as a line  of John Lennon eyeglasses.
