ONE MAN'S STRUGGLE From behind bars, Nelson Mandela has   dominated the fight for black rights in South Africa.
The following are some of the key   events in his life .
Mandela joins the African National   Congress at age 26, later becoming president of the group's Youth League.
When the National Party comes to power   in 1948, the ANC begins planning a campaign of civil disobedience to fight the   party's apartheid policy .
January, 1962 Attends Pan-African Freedom Movement   Conference in Ethiopia; travels to London to meet with leftists.
In August he is charged with   incitement and leaving the country illegally; gets five-year jail term .
April-June, 1964 Mandela and seven others are sentenced   to life in prison .
May, 1984 Mandela is allowed a visit with his   wife -- the first since 1962 .
January, 1985 President Pieter W. Botha offers to   free Mandela if he renounces violence; Mandela refuses until the government   takes steps to dismantle apartheid and grants full political rights to   blacks.
Four imprisoned African National   Congress leaders, convicted in 1964 with Nelson Mandela, were allowed to visit   their ANC colleague at his isolated prison house, an activist said today.
She said that opinion came from her   husband, who she visited last week after Mandela's July 5 meeting with President   P.W.
Botha.
The largest family group to visit   black leader Nelson Mandela since he was jailed 27 years ago gathered in Cape   Town for a meeting Tuesday with the prisoner on his 71st birthday.
December, 1989 President Frederik W. de Klerk meets   Mandela for the first time .
World leaders welcomed South Africa's   announcement Saturday of Nelson R. Mandela's impending release from   prison, and international rejoicing began to build for an event so long awaited   by so many .
On Feb. 11, the nation's best-known   black leader becomes a free man at last .
The arrival Wednesday of African   National Congress leader Nelson Mandela prompted an outpouring of praise and   encouragement from politicians and supporters.
Soweto and other black townships   around Johannesburg have been hit by black factional fighting that has killed   about 800 people since August.
In the 15 months since he walked   free from prison, Nelson Mandela has played the chief role in talks with   President F.W.
de Klerk and the white government.
The radicals in the ANC may well use   the trial and conviction of Mrs. Mandela to arouse members against Nelson   Mandela's policy of peace and negotiation.
