Kashmir has been a problem for  more than four decades following the 1947 partition of British colonial  India into predominantly Moslem Pakistan and the mostly Hindu India.
Kashmir was a separate kingdom,  ruled by a Hindu maharajah, when Britain relinquished colonial rule on Aug.  15, 1947, and the subcontinent was partitioned on religious lines into India  and Pakistan.
Jammu-Kashmir is the only state  with a Moslem majority in predominantly Hindu India.
Moslems make up 64 percent of the  state population of 5 million.
Nationwide, Moslems comprise 12  percent of India's 880 million people, while Hindus comprise 82 percent  .
Srinagar's 800,000 people are  moslty Moslem, as is a majority of population in the Kashmir region.
The Jammu region is predominantly  Hindu.
Moslem militants armed with  automatic rifles shot and killed two unarmed paramilitary soldiers on  Thursday in Srinagar, the flashpoint of a violent separatist campaign,  officials said.
The most powerful group is the  Jammu-Kashmir Liberation Front, but there are several others, including the  Allah Tigers, Hezb-e-Mujahed Hezb-e-Islami.
A 24-hour curfew was imposed  Saturday in a bid to quell escalating violence and mass anti-India  demonstrations in Srinagar and nearby towns.
India has often accused Pakistan  of aiding the Kashmiri militants, a charge Pakistan has denied.
Kashmiri militants had earlier  campaigned for union with Pakistan, which claims Kashmir because of its  predominant Moslem population, but now they demand independence and the  status of a neutral country .
Meanwhile, the president of the  Pakistan state of Kashmir said in an interview Saturday that Kashmiris there  had begun smuggling arms across the border to Moslem insurgents fighting for  independence from India.
On Friday, at least 200,000 people  marched to the office of the United Nations Military Observers Group in  Srinagar, demanding a plebiscite in Kashmir, police said.
Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto on  Thursday accused India of waging ``genocide'' in secession-minded Kashmir  and of trying to start a war with Pakistan to deflect attention.
Relations between Pakistan and  India worsened in January when Indian soldiers cracked down on Moslem  militants in Kashmir who are seeking independence from India or union with  Pakistan.
At least 792 people have been  killed in Kashmir since then.
Despite the tension, officials  from both sides said the incidents did not appear to be serious.
``There is no cause for any undue  concern since we trust that these localized incidents will be contained and  the situation defused,'' United News of India quoted Singh as saying in the  Parliament.
