State-run media also indicated Friday   that a crackdown had begun on people in Armenia who continue to agitate for   annexation of a mostly Armenian enclave in the neighboring republic of   Azerbaijan.
The government has decided to give   ethnic Germans and Crimean Tatars who were expelled from their homelands by   Josef Stalin their own autonomous regions but it will take years, Tass reported   Wednesday.
It was also a potentially dangerous   precedent: The Soviet Union is a patchwork of well over 100 ethnic groups, and   many of them have outstanding territorial claims.
Ethnic violence killed 148 people and   wounded 885 this month in the Central Asian republic of Kirghizia, the official   news agency Tass said Wednesday.
He said in Moscow on Tuesday that   ministry troops had to be used in 13 regions of the Soviet Union because of such   outbreaks, Tass said.
Moldavia, acting to defuse one of the   Soviet Union's most explosive ethnic conflicts, agreed Sunday to comply with a   Kremlin order to reconsider its law making Moldavian the republic's official   language.
Tajikistan was hit most hard.
The civil war in the Republic claimed   the lives of more than 100,000 people, Shabdolov said.
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev   warned the nation Saturday night that the country's growing ethnic strife is   endangering its unity as a state as well as threatening his program of political   and economic reforms .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev   warned the nation Saturday night that the country's growing ethnic strife is   endangering its unity as a state as well as threatening his program of political   and economic reforms .
With serious ethnic clashes in Soviet   Central Asia over the past month, with troops needed to maintain the peace in   the southern republics of Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia and with nationalism   growing stronger in the Baltic republics of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania,   Gorbachev is struggling to hold the Soviet Union together as a state while he   pushes broad reforms that he believes will resolve most of the grievances .
Gorbachev acknowledged that ethnic   relations are "wound in a tight knot of contradictions" because of previous   Soviet policies, particularly the effort to pull the country's 100-plus ethnic   groups into a new "Soviet nationality" with a unified culture .
The international community is starting to look   beyond the conflict in the former Yugoslavia, and is becoming increasingly aware   of the true magnitude and seriousness of ethnic and political conflicts in the   former Soviet Union.
