Patrick Edward Purdy, who   turned a powerful assault rifle on a crowded school playground Tuesday,   killing five children and wounding 29 more, had been a student at the   school from kindergarten through third grade, officials said today   .
Children whose families   escaped the horrors of the Vietnam War saw their schoolyard turned into   a killing field, the target of a silent gunman armed with a rifle and a   pistol bearing the word ``victory''.
Patrick E. Purdy purchased an   AK-47 rifle in this Portland suburb several months ago, then returned   to his hometown of Stockton, Calif., where he used the gun to kill five   children and wound 29 others, along with a teacher, at Cleveland   Elementary School before taking his own life, authorities said.
The 26-year-old drifter with   a long criminal record who launched a mute, murderous assault on a   California elementary school Tuesday was described by his aunt as a   loner and childhood alcoholic, police said.
Within hours of the schoolyard   shootings that left five children and the gunman dead and 30 wounded   Tuesday, dozens of translators rushed to assist the many Southeast   Asian parents who arrived at the hospital desperate for word of their   youngsters.
Cleveland School is in the   heart of California's third-largest community of refugees from   Southeast Asia, and nearly two-thirds of the school's population is   from Asia.
All of the dead children were   from refugee families, as were 19 of the 29 wounded.
Buddhist priests led prayers   at the homes of three Cambodian families Friday in mourning ceremonies   that last three days and three nights.
Grieving relatives and   friends gathered at memorial services Saturday to mourn the five school   children slain by a camouflage-garbed, suicidal drifter.
Fourteen of the 29 students   injured in the attack remained in hospitals Friday, but in almost all   cases, their conditions were reported improved.
City officials readied the   city's Civic Auditorium for a Monday memorial ceremony for the families   and friends of a Vietnamese student and four Cambodian pupils gunned   down in the playground at Cleveland Elementary School Tuesday by armed   drifter Patrick Edward Purdy, who killed himself with a single pistol   shot to the head .
Purdy was buried Friday in   nearby Lodi, said his grandmother, Julia Chumbley.
He was interred following a   service at Cherokee Memorial Cemetery, which several of his relatives   attended, she said.
People attending that service   were asked to follow a Southeast Asian cultural tradition and wear   black-and-white ribbons.
