Soviet media once branded Andrei D.   Sakharov a traitor, but a Moscow weekly has now provided a sympathetic portrait   of the human rights activist and his wife.
Much of the Moscow News article seemed   designed to undo harm caused to the Sakharovs by previous press campaigns   against them.
But the account in Moscow News only   indirectly mentioned the nearly seven years Sakharov spent in forced internal   exile for criticizing the Soviet drive into Afghanistan, indicating that topic   is still too sensitive.
Much of the Moscow News article seemed   designed to undo harm caused to the Sakharovs by previous press campaigns   against them.
However, Sakharov has insisted on   speedier progress in improving the Soviet record on human rights, and during a   Jan. 15 meeting in the Kremlin, he handed Gorbachev a list of 200 people he said   were imprisoned for their views.
Andrei D. Sakharov, the father of the   Soviet dissident movement, finally received a 1973 human rights award Thursday   night during his first trip to New York City.
The 67-year-old Nobel Peace Prize   winner is on his first trip to the West, less than two years after Soviet leader   Mikhail Gorbachev freed him from internal exile in the city of Gorky.
Andrei D. Sakharov urged members of the   Academy of Sciences on Monday to reject the leadership's list of candidates for   the new Soviet legislature, which does not include the Nobel Peace Prize   winner.
Sakharov was nominated from several   geographic districts for a seat in the new 2,250-member Congress of People's   Deputies, but he decided to refuse the nominations and fight for an Academy of   Sciences seat.
Sakharov was elected in April to the   new Soviet Congress of People's Deputies, just two years after he was released   from seven years of internal exile .
The 68-year-old scientist and human   rights activist died Thursday of an apparent heart attack in his Moscow   apartment .
In what amounted to a public apology,   Mikhail S. Gorbachev and Soviet leaders today eulogized Andrei D. Sakharov as a   ``man of honesty and sincerity'' who suffered great injustice at the hands of   previous rulers.
The obituary also praised Sakharov's   vision as a scientist, which made him the youngest-ever member of the Academy of   Sciences at age 32 and led to his inclusion in a group that developed the Soviet   hydrogen bomb.
Political leaders worldwide commended   Sakharov as a man whose causes went beyond ideology .
