The communist world gets its first   McDonald's next week, and some people here are wondering whether its American   hamburgers will be as popular as the local fast-food treat, Pljeskavica.
John Onoda, a spokesman at McDonald's   Oak Brook, Ill., headquarters, said it was the first of the chain's outlets in a   communist country.
``In fact, this is a clash between the   Big Mac and Pljeskavica,'' said Vesna Milosevic, an official of Genex, a   Yugoslav state-run enterprise that has contracted a joint venture agreement with   McDonald's.
Thousands of queue-hardened Soviets on   Wednesday cheerfully lined up to get a taste of ``gamburgers,'' ``chizburgers''   and ``Filay-o-feesh'' sandwiches as McDonald's opened in the land of Lenin for   the first time.
Under the sign of the golden arches,   accented by the Soviet hammer-and-sickle flag, hundreds lined up for the long-  awaited grand opening at 10 a.m. on Pushkin Square, reaching out excitedly for   McDonald's flags and pins as the hamburger chain's army fulfilled the Soviet   penchant for souvenirs with Western logos.
The world's largest McDonald's, with   27 cash registers and a seating capacity of 900, brings to Moscow not only   hamburgers, french fries and shakes (called "milk cocktails" here), but also a   living lesson in Western-style marketing .
Soviet farmers, who are supplying most   of the products, have been given special training and disease-resistant seed for   potatoes and cucumbers .
The extra effort was necessary to   guarantee supplies in a country where as much as 25% of the harvest spoils on   the way to the consumer .
McDonald's hamburgers, fries and   golden arches came to China on Monday when the fast-food chain opened its first   restaurant in a nation famed for its distinctive cuisine.
The 500-seat McDonald's restaurant in   a three-story building is operated by McDonald's Restaurant Shenzhen Ltd., a   wholly owned subsidiary of McDonald's Hong Kong.
Most of the ingredients used at the   restaurant are now imported from Hong Kong.
But McDonald's executives hope   eventually to get their supplies of beef and potatoes from China.
Seven years after the U.S. hamburger   giant first tried to bring its Big Macs to South Korea, the golden arches were   finally going up.
McAhn Industries Ltd. recently opened   the first of what it expects will be a string of burger outlets in Seoul.
McDonald's struggled with the   government over McAhn's royalty payments to the U.S. partner -- the issue was   resolved -- and over tight import restrictions on food products.
