Ray Buckey and his mother,   Peggy McMartin Buckey, were found not guilty Thursday of molesting   children at the family-run McMartin Pre-School in Manhattan Beach, a   verdict which brought to a close the longest and costliest criminal   trial in history .
The McMartin case -- which   included allegations not only of rape, sodomy, oral copulation, and   other sex crimes, but also of pornographic photography sessions, "naked   games," field trips away from the school for illicit purposes, animal   mutilation, threats and satanic-like ritual and sacrifice -- began in   the fall of 1983 .
Originally, there were seven   defendants, including Raymond Buckey's sister, Peggy Ann Buckey, and   Virginia McMartin, the founder of the school, mother of Mrs. Buckey and   grandmother of Raymond Buckey.
Jurors who have reached   verdicts on 52 counts in the McMartin preschool molestation case said   Wednesday they are deadlocked on the remaining 13 charges in the   nation's longest, costliest criminal trial.
Seven jurors who spoke with   reporters in a joint news conference after acquitting Raymond Buckey   and his mother, Peggy McMartin Buckey, on 52 molestation charges   Thursday said they felt some children who testified may have been   molested _ but not at the family-run McMartin Pre-School.
Said jury foreman Luis Chang,   an electrical engineer: "The key evidence that swayed me was the   interview But the jurors were sharply   critical of the interviewers' technique at the institute.
``The children were never   allowed to say in their own words what happened to them,'' said juror   John Breese.
* Therapist Kee MacFarlane,   who conducted many of the interviews in which children first disclosed   that they had been molested, came under fire when it was revealed not   only that she had minimal previous experience in the field but also   that she was involved romantically with the television newsman who   broke the story .
Thursday's acquittals in the   McMartin Pre-School molestation case outraged parents who said   prosecutors botched it, while those on the defense side proclaimed a   triumph of justice over hysteria and hype.
``The system is not going to   protect children,'' said Jackie McGauley, a parent who believes her   child had been molested but didn't testify in the case.
As it becomes apparent that   McMartin cases will stretch out for years to come, parents and the   former criminal defendants alike are trying to resign themselves to the   inevitability that the matter may be one they can never leave   behind.
