WHILE Hurricane Andrew was wreaking havoc   across large parts of southern Florida and Louisiana this week, a grade two   dollar crisis (on a one-to-four scale, four being most severe) was blowing   itself out at the end of a tumultuous few days for US and world financial   markets.
In the Bahamas, government spokesman Mr   Jimmy Curry said four deaths had been reported on outlying eastern islands.
The hurricane was one of the fiercest in   the US in decades and the first to hit Miami directly in a quarter of a   century.
In Florida, Andrew caused greatest havoc   in a largely suburban swathe some 10-15 miles south of Miami.
The town of Homestead, near the centre of   the storm, was largely flattened, including a local air force base.
The government estimated it would cost   Dollars 20bn-Dollars 30bn to tidy and rebuild in Florida, and to care for   residents displaced by the storm.
HURRICANE Andrew, claimed to be the   costliest natural disaster in US history, yesterday smashed its way through the   state of Louisiana, inflicting severe damage on rural communities but narrowly   missing the low-lying city of New Orleans.
Government officials in Louisiana,   Mississippi and Texas yesterday advised or ordered more than 2m people to   evacuate coastal areas.
Louisiana state officials said they had   no overall count of storm-related injuries but initial estimates reckoned fewer   than 100.
Several of Louisiana's main industries   were affected, including those of oysters and alligators.
Associated tornadoes devastated Laplace,   20 miles west of New Orleans.
SQUADS of workers fanned out across storm-  battered Louisiana yesterday to begin a massive rebuilding effort after   Hurricane Andrew had flattened whole districts, killing two people and injuring   dozens more, agencies report from Florida and New Orleans.
Then, however, Andrew lost force as it   moved north over land.
By yesterday afternoon, it had been down-  graded to tropical storm, in that its sustained windspeeds were below 75   mph.
Across Florida, some 2m people remained   without electric ity yesterday and health officials were warning the public to   boil or chemically treat all water.
GENERAL ACCIDENT, the leading British   insurer, said yesterday that insurance claims arising from Hurricane Andrew   could 'cost it as much as Dollars 40m'.
The brunt of insurance claims from the   Florida storm will fall on the US industry, and companies with a heavy local   exposure include the State Farm Group and the Allstate Insurance unit of Sears   Roebuck.
