Diplomats say Iraq has   100,000 troops on Kuwait's border; Kuwait army numbers about 20,000   troops.
Talks in Jidda collapse.
THE INVASION: Iraq's troops,   led by about 350 tanks, crossed the border at dawn Thursday, and seized   the Kuwaiti palace and government buildings 40 miles away.
The soldiers were also making   sweeps through the southern oilfields, according to residents and   Lloyds' insurance service in London.
Witnesses said the   bombardment of ports and military airports by artillery and the air   force was vicious.
200 KUWAITIS SAID KILLED OR   INJURED; U.S. Kuwaiti refugees have also   reported that almost all government buildings and palaces have been   blown up and destroyed, Saud said.
Kuwait's Sheik Saad al-  Abdullah al-Sabah fled to safety in Saudi Arabia.
July 18: Iraq accuses Kuwait   of stealing $2.4 billion worth of oil from wells along disputed border   with Iraq and seeking to wreck Iraq's economy by overproducing oil and   pushing down prices.
Kuwait's U.S. ambassador said   the nation had asked for American military intervention.
The United States has warned   Iraq against any attack on Saudi Arabia, and President Bush has said   all options are open for the United States.
He froze Iraq's assets in the   United States and blocked almost all Iraqi imports, including oil.
Security Council on Monday   voted to impose broad economic sanctions against Iraq for invading   small oil-rich Kuwait.
The EEC also suspended arms   sales to Iraq.
Jordan's information   minister, Ibrahim Izzedine, said earlier today that the U.S. government   had asked Jordan to facilitate the entrance from Iraq of American   diplomats and their dependents.
IRAQIS SEIZE WESTERNERS; HUNDREDS ROUNDED UP DURING   SWEEP OF KUWAIT HOTELS; In addition, a Kuwaiti   businessman said about 1,000 people a day were fleeing Kuwait through   the desert to Saudi Arabia.
The ``provisional government   of free Kuwait'' set up by Iraq had threatened Sunday to hold hostage   citizens of countries imposing sanctions on it.
Iranian editorial writers are   rejoicing now that the world is waking up to one of their most hated   bogeymen: Iraqi President Saddam Hussein.
A Pentagon source said a U.S.   naval group was diverted toward the Persian Gulf.
Wholesale oil prices soared   to five-year highs in New York on Monday.
INVADERS TAKING OVER LIVES,   HOMES OF KUWAITIS, AMBASSADOR CHARGES "They are trucking them in,   busing them in, trying to replace the population, to change the makeup   of the place," Saud said, adding they were issuing the new residents   cards that identify them as Kuwaiti citizens.
