Saddam Grabs Kuwait to Fulfill   Territorial, Financial Ambitions July 17 _ Iraqi President Saddam   Hussein accuses Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates of flooding the oil market   and driving prices down, and that the move cost Iraq $14 billion in lost oil   revenue.
July 18 _ Iraq accuses Kuwait of   stealing $2.4 billion worth of oil from wells along the disputed border with   Iraq and of seeking to wreck Iraq's economy by overproducing oil and thus   pushing down prices.
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt says   Iraq and Kuwait plan to meet in Saudi Arabia in an effort to resolve their   dispute.
Diplomats say Iraq has massed 100,000   troops on Kuwait's border, more than triple the number originally estimated.
That number dwarfs the Kuwaiti army,   which has a total of about 20,000 troops.
Iraqi officials on Wednesday walked   out on talks in Jiddah, Saudia Arabia aimed at resolving the 2-week-old crisis   with neighboring Kuwait and complained that Kuwait was not negotiating   seriously.
Tank-led Iraqi troops invaded Kuwait   before dawn Thursday, seizing the ruler's palace and other government buildings,   Kuwaiti officials reported.
Diplomats said about 350 Iraqi tanks   wheeled into the capital a few hours after crossing the border 40 miles away   before dawn.
Iraqi, which is the size of   California, has an estimated 1 million troops among its 17 million populace,   compared to 20,300 members of the Kuwait armed forces.
_President Bush signed orders freezing   Iraqi assets in the United States and blocking most Iraqi imports, including   oil.
_The Soviet Union, Iraq's main arms   supplier, halted weapons sales.
_The U.N. Security Council voted 14-0 to   denounce the invasion and demanded immediate withdrawal of Iraqi troops.
In Ulan Bator, Mongolia, where Baker   was on an Asian visit, a Baker spokeswoman said that the United States and the   Soviet Union plan to issue a joint statement later today condemning the Iraqi   invasion of Kuwait .
U.S., French and British warships,   meanwhile, steamed toward the Persian Gulf.
President Bush said Friday that if   Iraq moved against Saudi Arabia it would be attacking U.S. ``vital interests''.
Security Council overwhelming approved   sweeping trade and military sanctions against Iraq to punish it for invading the   emirate .
Iraq struck back against the West   today, rounding up hundreds of foreign nationals in Kuwait, as the U.N. Several hundred Britons, Americans and   West Germans were grabbed in the hotels, and some were taken to Iraq, the West   German and British foreign ministries said .
