The Irish Republican Army claimed   responsibility for a huge explosion Friday that reduced a three-story military   barracks on the southeast coast of England to rubble, killing 10 people and   injuring 22, eight seriously.
The IRA bombing that killed 10 men and   blew apart a building at the Royal Marines Music School outraged Britons and   stirred recriminations over safety standards at the school.
A huge explosion in a barracks staff   room Friday morning leveled the three-story building as bandsmen took a coffee   break between practice sessions on the school's parade ground.
One of the bands had just stopped   playing on the parade ground, said a ministry spokesman, speaking anonymously in   keeping with British custom.
Neighbors were breakfasting, heading   to work or asleep in bed when an explosion at a military barracks turned their   homes to rubble and they were confronted with the sight of bodies being carried   away.
Twelve of the 22 people injured were   hospitalized, eight of them in serious condition, police said.
Dozens of homes near the school were   damaged, including four that were destroyed.
Jean Cleatheroe, whose son Andrew was   killed, joined local residents and opposition politicians in denouncing the use   of private security firms to protect the music school and 29 other military   establishments in Britain.
King defended the use of private   security firms hired to guard the Deal school and 29 other ``low-risk'' military   installations in Britain.
A statement telephoned to Ireland   International, a Dublin news agency, said ``we have visited the Royal Marines in   Kent'' in response to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's visit to Northern   Ireland nine days ago.
It was an apparent reference to her   speech praising the locally recruited Ulster Defense Regiment as ``a very, very   brave group of men'' who have lost 179 members in IRA attacks since 1970.
British military installations are a   frequent bombing target of the Irish Republican Army in its campaign to rid   Northern Ireland of British rule, but today's explosion in the coastal town 70   miles southeast of London was the worst IRA attack on the British mainland in   more than seven years.
Military targets on the British   mainland have been attacked several times by the Irish Republican Army in the   past year as part of its campaign to rid Northern Ireland of British rule.
The authorities have been on high   alert, expecting IRA attacks in connection with last month's 20th anniversary of   the introduction of British troops into Northern Ireland.
