A 3-year campaign that has  succeeded in getting Northeastern University to award an honorary degree to  jailed South African nationalist leader Nelson Mandela has raised objections  from some faculty and students.
Mandela the 70-year-old leader of  the ANC jailed 27 years ago, was sentenced to life in prison for conspiring  to overthrow the South African government.
Four imprisoned African National  Congress leaders, convicted in 1964 with Nelson Mandela, were allowed to  visit their ANC colleague at his isolated prison house, an activist said  today.
Mandela was allowed to meet last  Friday with five other ANC members convicted with him in 1964 of trying to  overthrow the government and still imprisoned in Cape Town, according to  Dullah Omar, a family friend and attorney.
President Pieter W. Botha offers  to free Mandela if he renounces violence; Mandela refuses until the  government takes steps to dismantle apartheid and grants full political  rights to blacks .
De Klerk lifts ANC ban and says  Mandela will be released.
Mandela's impending release from  prison, and international rejoicing began to build for an event so long  awaited by so many .
On Feb. 11, the nation's  best-known black leader becomes a free man at last .
Commonwealth Secretary General  Shridath Ramphal said Mandela's safety must be guaranteed by the South  African government and that until change there becomes irreversible, the  Commonwealth will sustain its pressure for the end of apartheid.
"It is not yet time to demobilize  the international support for apartheid's victims," he said .
Mayor David Dinkins warned Jewish  groups against protesting the visit of anti-apartheid leader Nelson Mandela  to New York City, saying the protests might insult the black community, a  newspaper said today.
The arrival Wednesday of African  National Congress leader Nelson Mandela prompted an outpouring of praise and  encouragement from politicians and supporters.
In the 15 months since he walked  free from prison, Nelson Mandela has played the chief role in talks with  President F.W.
de Klerk and the white government.
Mandela has repeatedly accused  security forces of manipulating the violence to derail government efforts to  end apartheid and share power with the black majority.
Mandela and other ANC leaders have  been negotiating with President F.W.
de Klerk to pave the way for full-scale  talks on ending apartheid, the South African system of racial  separation.
He has presided over an African  National Congress divided and not yet organized for politics.
He has spent his moral capital  trying, unsuccessfully, to end the murderous conflict between black  political factions.
