Dan Quayle has not yet been   nominated for vice president and already Republicans are comparing him   to Thomas Jefferson and John F. Kennedy.
Bush's surprise choice for   his running mate was supposed to ignite a campaign that has seemed at   times to suffer from lack of inspiration, but he quickly encountered   questions over his military record and suggestions he could best serve   the Republicans by withdrawing from the ticket.
Democrats portrayed Quayle   during the campaign as a lightweight, a man with little or no   legislative accomplishments, untested and unqualified to be a heartbeat   away from the presidency.
His every slip, his every   gaffe, his every goof was news .
Soon, he dropped off the front   pages.
Relegated in the campaign to   small towns and safe GOP areas, Quayle as vice president is likely to   be given a traditional ceremonial role _ going to political gatherings   and state funerals _ rather than the advisory role that Walter Mondale   and even Bush had, some scholars feel.
So when Quayle got to   Washington, he got there with one goal: Support the President and make   himself a very small target.
And Bush's announcement that   Quayle would be his running mate again was Bush's way of saying: "I   didn't screw up the first time.
During his entire campaign   for the vice presidency, Quayle refused all requests from such national   interview shows.
He went on "Meet the Press"   .
The show was uneventful.
He is the most important   person ever to come out of this town, and even as the world considers   his fitness for the presidency, Huntington is celebrating his life in   what is ambitiously being billed as the Premiere Dan Quayle Memorabilia   Exhibit.
Dan Quayle, who grew up in   Huntington, graduated from DePauw University, a small liberal arts   college in Greencastle, Ind., before going to work in the Indiana   attorney general's office in 1970.
Quayle was hired as an entry-  level research assistant by the state Attorney General's office in 1970   after he returned from six months of basic and advanced training for   the Indiana National Guard.
Dan and Marilyn Quayle met as   law students in Indianapolis, married while they were still in school   and remain close to many of their friends from that period.
``He's already spent 12 years   as a congressman and senator.
The couple, who married in   1972, have a 14-year-old son, Tucker; a 12-year-old son, Benjamin; and   a 9-year-old daughter, Corinne.
``He's the same nice guy he   was in law school''.
