The Senate Foreign Relations   Committee today endorsed the nomination of Michigan Republican activist   Peter F. Secchia as ambassador to Italy, but the panel's chairman said   he feared Secchia might ``embarrass the United States'' because of his   ``penchant for making gross remarks''.
One of a lengthy and growing   list of Bush supporters and contributors named to diplomatic posts,   Gildenhorn gave $100,000 during the 1988 presidential campaign to the   Republican National State Elections Committee.
Other ambassadorial nominees   rated as unqualified by the American Academy of Diplomacy include   Florida real estate developer Joseph Zappala, nominated as ambassador   to Spain; Melvin L. Sembler, a real estate executive in Florida named   to be ambassador to Australia; and Della M. Newman, a Seattle, Wash.,   real estate broker named to be ambassador to New Zealand.
Bush Names Deane Hinton as   Ambassador to Panama The appointment of the 66-  year-old Hinton, with his long expierience on Latin American issues, is   seen as a signal of the importance Bush is placing on restoring normal   relations with Panama.
The Bush administration is   expected to name career diplomat Harry Shlaudeman as the first U.S.   ambassador to Nicaragua in almost two years, a U.S. official says.
The administration had   planned to send another career diplomat, Melissa Wells, to Managua but   had a change of heart after concluding she might face a prolonged   Senate confirmation fight because she has been a target of   conservatives.
Shlaudeman, who has served as   ambassador to Argentina, Peru, Brazil and Venezuela, is a premier State   Department specialist on Latin America and is expected to win easy   Senate confirmation.
["Highlights" column by Fahd al-  Fanik: "The New U.S .
Ambassador"] [Text] The new   U.S. ambassador to Jordan, Wesley Egan, is a heavyweight.
Much as I take exception to   some of the issues that will engage the new ambassador's attention, I   concern myself here with a lecture Moynihan delivered at the   confirmation hearing.
This Zionist senator's remarks   are not supposed to be Washington's official line.
BUSH REPORTEDLY PICKS EX-CIA   OFFICER AS AMBASSADOR TO CHINA The choice is James R.   Lilley, a career intelligence officer who served as CIA station chief   in China when Bush headed the U.S. liaison office there in 1974-75.
President Bush has decided to   nominate John D. Negroponte, a veteran diplomat who helped direct U.S.   aid to Nicaraguan rebels, to the key position of ambassador to Mexico,   Administration officials said Thursday .
Mexico's leftist opposition   party already has criticized the appointment, which has not been   formally announced.
