Clarence Thomas completed   five grueling days of Senate questioning Monday, apparently well on his   way to becoming the second black justice in the history of the Supreme   Court.
The committee will continue   to hear testimony for and against Thomas at least through the end of   the week, but the outcome does not seem to be in doubt.
Supreme Court nominee   Clarence Thomas told the Senate Judiciary Committee today it is   "irrelevant" whether he holds any personal opinion on abortion,   spurring new frustration among the committee's Democrats.
Frustrated Democrats on the   Senate Judiciary Committee say Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas is   an evasive witness, but no groundswell of opposition to his   confirmation seems to be emerging.
Asked several times by Sen.   Herb Kohl, D-Wis. , about women's right to   end their pregnancies, Thomas said, "Whether or not I have a view is   irrelevant.
"; President Bush, asked at a news conference whether   Thomas' claim not to have an opinion on abortion is credible, answered,   "That's a question for the Senate to decide.
"; "He's handling himself   very well," the president said.
(check) About 300 black   pastors, representing congregations totaling more than 1 million   churchgoers in 30 states, held a rally on the steps of the Supreme   Court and then lobbied their senators to support confirmation of   President Bush's Supreme Court nominee.
(check) On the other side   of the Thomas confirmation issue, the National Abortion Rights Action   League reported that senators had begun to receive the first of 500,000   anti-Thomas post cards the group has provided to the constituents of   targeted lawmakers whose votes against Thomas' confirmation are   regarded as critical.
And Simon said Thomas'   performance thus far "has neither helped him nor hurt him.
"; Specter   blamed fellow committee members more than Thomas in concluding, "We   really haven't moved very far in the process.
"; Thomas, a black federal   appeals judge, was picked by President Bush to replace the retiring   Thurgood Marshall, the high court's only black justice.
Supreme Court nominee   Clarence Thomas told the Senate Judiciary Committee today it is   "irrelevant" whether he holds any personal opinion on abortion,   spurring new frustration among the committee's Democrats.
Virginia Thomas is a soft-  spoken, hard-working daughter of the heartland.
A brainy Omaha, Neb.
, lawyer who has scaled the   sheer cliffs of professional Washington.
The fact that she is white   has drawn criticism from some blacks who see the marriage as evidence   that Clarence Thomas has rejected his roots.
