Lennon was born Oct. 9,   1940.
The Beatles were raised in   Liverpool and got their start in the Merseyside bars.
Baird disagrees with other   biographies which say that after his father decamped and Julia turned   her son over to her sister, Mimi, Lennon was a grim youth who felt   abandoned by his mother.
In 1966, Ono and Lennon   met.
He too was married and had a   child, Julian.
Ono and Lennon were married   in 1970.
She later joined him in music   and in public demonstrations for peace.
As for Ono, Goldman shows her   as a gold-digger who snorted heroin up to the time of Lennon's   death.
A biography that portrays John   Lennon as a drug-addled, anorexic bisexual who raged his way from   Liverpool to New York City is ``totally fiction,'' Yoko Ono said in a   national radio broadcast.
Lennon's favorite topic in   the thousands of interviews he gave was his own squalid history: His   voracious drug use, his perfidy to employees, his unquenchable sexual   promiscuity and so on.
Between 1976 and 1979,   Goldman writes, Lennon ``could not be more remote''.
But in 1980, he suddenly felt   inspired again and planned to return to the studio to make an album   with his wife, Yoko Ono.
Their son Sean, 13, like his   older half-brother, Julian, has become interested in music and started   playing guitar.
He was shot and killed   outside his Manhattan apartment on Dec. 8, 1980.
He was a giving, loving,   caring human being.
His public loved him in   spite of it all -- or perhaps because of it all.
The hostility that was shown   to us bluntly by reporters in those days was incredible.
The foundation, established   by Lennon and Ono before John's death, has contributed to causes   ranging from a home for drug addicted children to bulletproof vests for   police officers.
The 50th anniversary of John   Lennon's birth was observed with a global celebration today as his   peace anthem ``Imagine'' was played for an estimated 1 billion people   in 130 nations.
The mug is one of an   assortment of Lennon collectibles available (by appointment only) from   Bag One Arts Inc., the entity that controls reproductions of Lennon's   art work.
Some say she controlled   him.
The two were   inseparable.
The relationship between   the Beatles -- especially Lennon and Paul McCartney -- was already   strained.
Having Ono in the studio,   offering suggestions and backing Lennon up in arguments, didn't   help.
Still, the group already   seemed headed toward a break-up, which finally came when McCartney sued   the other Beatles to resolve an argument over the group's   management.
