Diplomats reported that Iraq had massed   100,000 troops on Kuwait's border.
The Iraq-Kuwait crisis broke out on   July 17 when Iraqi President Saddam Hussein accused Kuwait and the United Arab   Emirates of driving down oil prices by exceeding quotas set for them by the   Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries.
Saddam also demanded compensation for   the $2.4 billion in oil he claimed Kuwait pumped illegally from an oil field   which straddles the unmarked border between the two countries.
Iraq also demanded that Kuwait forgive   $15 billion in loans it extended to Baghdad during the eight-year Iran-Iraq   war.
Iraq's powerful army claimed victory   today in its lightning invasion of this small, oil-rich kingdom.
Tank-led troops quickly seized the   ruler's palace and government buildings, and the emir fled to Saudi Arabia,   Kuwaiti officials said .
Kuwait's U.S. ambassador said the   Iraqis occupied all government buildings in the capital and were moving south   toward the country's oil facilities.
He appealed for U.S. military   intervention .
WASHINGTON -- U.S. intelligence officials had been   sounding alarms in recent days about a possible Iraqi invasion of Kuwait.
It was the first time in modern   history an Arab nation had invaded another and taken over its government.
The Iraqi government of President   Saddam Hussein claimed it invaded at the request of revolutionaries who had   already staged a coup and established Provisional Government of Free   Kuwait.
U.N. Security Council Condemns Iraqi   Invasion, Seeks Pullout, Talks Arab League Fails at Emergency Meeting   to Condemn Iraq's Invasion Saudi Arabia, an oil-rich ally of   Kuwait, has been subdued in its reaction to Iraq's invasion of Kuwait.
Security Council overwhelming approved   sweeping trade and military sanctions against Iraq to punish it for invading the   emirate .
The U.N. sanctions, which included a   ban on oil purchases, came on a vote of 13 to 0, on the 15-member council.
Iraq struck back against the West   today, rounding up hundreds of foreign nationals in Kuwait, as the U.N. World oil prices soared to their   highest level in more than four years today as more countries joined the attempt   to strangle Baghdad's economy and force it to withdraw its invasion troops .
_A Pentagon source said the aircraft   carrier USS Independence, escorted by a six-ship battle group, was diverted from   the Indian Ocean toward the gulf, where other U.S. ships were already   patrolling.
The Soviet Union and China said they   would halt arms shipments to Iraq.
