AP-NR-08-21-88 0234EDT At least 758 people died and   950 were injured in both countries Sunday when the earthquake jolted   the mountainous India-Nepal border region.
The earthquake, which struck   shortly before daybreak Sunday when most people were still asleep,   registered 6.5 on the Richter scale.
It lasted about a minute and   aftershocks continued for about an hour.
The U.S. Geological Survey said its   initial seismograph readings placed the center of the quake 100 miles   southeast of Katmandu, the capital of Nepal.
It was the deadliest quake to   strike the subcontinent since 1950, when, by official count, 1,500   people were killed in the eastern Indian state of Assam.
Bir Bahadur Shahi, secretary   of the home affairs ministry, flew to eastern Nepal on Sunday.
He said 50,000 to 60,000   houses were destroyed in the Dharan district alone.
Most of the victims died in   their houses, which were made of bricks held together by mud that had   loosened during the seasonal monsoon rains.
Police Inspector G. Adhikari   said bulldozers have demolished more than 50 houses deemed too   dangerous for habitation.
Residents in Dharan, the   worst-hit area of Nepal, also raced from their homes Wednesday during   two aftershocks, officials in Katmandu said.
In India, the area with the   greatest damage and casualties was just south of the border in Bihar,   India's poorest state.
Tremors flattened more than   25,000 houses in India, officials said, and the Bhoothai Balan River   flooded nearly 50 villages in the Madhubani district.
India reported an official   death toll of 200, but the figure was disputed by news media and   opposition politicians who put the Indian death count at anywhere from   400 to 1,500.
AP-NR-08-24-88 1425EDT The death toll from the   Himalayan earthquake topped 750 on Wednesday as rescue workers hampered   by monsoon rains, aftershocks and washed out roads reached remote areas   of Nepal and found more bodies.
As survivors in both   countries began rebuilding homes damaged or destroyed by the quake,   medicine, food and financial aid began arriving from abroad.
Flanigan said the Peace Corps   has been able to track down all but three of the 157 volunteers in   Nepal.
There are no Peace Corps   members in India, he said.
Death Toll Rises to 981,   Legislator Beaten to Death Mourners paraded through the   streets of this medieval town, calling for revenge after a former   legislator was beaten to death by political rivals while he was   distributing relief supplies to earthquake victims.
