Ousted East German leader   Erich Honecker, who is expected to be indicted for high treason, was   arrested Monday morning upon release from a hospital and taken to   prison, the official news agency ADN said.
The news agency said the 77-  year-old Honecker was arrested after being released from East Berlin's   Charite hospital, where he had undergone surgery for a malignant kidney   tumor.
Earlier this month, East   German prosecutors said Honecker and former state security chief Erich   Mielke would be charged with treason and corruption charges for misuse   of their positions and state funds.
East Germany authorities on   Friday interrogated former Communist leader Erich Honecker about his   role in the killings of people who tried to flee the country.
More than 200 people were shot   to death or killed by land mines as they tried to escape from East   Germany's Communist rule.
The government announced in   June that Honecker, Mielke and several border guards would be   investigated on possible murder charges in connection with those   deaths.
Honecker, 77 and in failing   health, and several other members of his ousted regime already have   been charged with corruption and abuse of power.
The murder charge could put   Honecker behind bars for life, but his poor health makes prosecution   questionable.
Ousted East German leader   Erich Honecker will not stand trial in East Germany as long as the   formerly Communist country exists, a West German newspaper   reported.
Honecker, 78, was ousted as   East Germany's leader on Oct. 18, paving the way for the country's   first freely elected government in March.
Honecker has denied all   charges against him, including that he was personally responsible for   the estimated 200 people who died trying to escape his repressive   government.
He has taken refuge at a   Soviet military hospital in Beelitz, outside Berlin.
Last week Russia abruptly   ordered Honecker to leave the country or face expulsion.
Mikhail Gorbachev urged all   sides Tuesday to take their time in deciding the fate of Erich   Honecker, as the fugitive former East German leader spent a seventh day   of refuge inside the Chilean Embassy.
BFN [Text] Berlin -- Erich   Honecker, the former GDR head of state, died at his house in Santiago,   Chile on Sunday morning [29 May], according to his lawyer.
After being released from   prison in 1993, Honecker had traveled to Santiago to join his daughter,   who is married to a Chilean.
