Thunderstorms swept through   central and eastern Ohio, causing flooding that killed at least ten   people, left dozens missing and forced hundreds of others from their   homes, officials said today.
But no place was hit with   anything approaching the ferocity of the flooding in Shadyside.
About 5.5 inches of rain fell   between 7:30 p.m. and 11 p.m., turning two Ohio River tributaries   outside the village of 4,300 people into dangerous torrents.
About 35 buildings, including   a tavern, were damaged along Wegee Creek, and 50 buildings were hit by   a flood along Pipe Creek, four miles south of Wegee Creek, said Dick   Quinlin, Belmont County emergency services coordinator.
Cement blocks were all that   remained of homes, fallen branches stood where trees used to be and   muddy streams meandered through the outskirts of this Ohio River town   after a furious flash flood.
Rainwater running down   hillsides had forced debris into the creeks and formed dams at bridges   spanning them, Shadyside Fire Chief Mark Badia said.
The debris broke loose, and   that's when we got three big gushes of water,'' Badia said.
``It created a wall of   water,'' said Jim Williams of the Ohio Emergency Management Agency.
One resident, Robert Ramsey,   said his wife, Rose, was crushed to death in their house by the   water.
Kathy Schramm, 37, said she,   her husband and their two children fled their two-story house before   water washed through.
When they returned, the   basement and first floor were flooded, and the surrounding area   ``looked like a big lake''.
The death toll from last   week's flash floods mounted to 21 today when a body was found in the   Ohio River, and authorities said there was little hope for the 14   people still listed as missing.
Few people in the coal-mining   and steel-making area carried flood insurance, and homeowners'   insurance will not cover damage from Thursday's flood, residents and   insurers said.
The Federal Emergency   Management Agency declared Belmont County, which includes Shadyside,   and Jefferson and Franklin counties disaster areas, making federal aid   available to residents.
There also was flooding in   Jefferson County, north of Belmont, in Licking County in central Ohio,   and in northwestern West Virginia and western Pennsylvania.
The National Weather Service   issued no flood warning before the disaster, although it did issue a   flood watch, said Al Wheeler, deputy meteorologist in the bureau's   Cleveland office.
