Sports Illustrated is taking   300 advertisers to Super Bowl XXI in Pasadena, Calif., this weekend for   an all-out bash.
And the companies show few   signs of cutting back on their activities despite the new tax law's   tighter restrictions on what can be claimed as a business-entertainment   expense.
"Even if it weren't tax   deductible, it'd be worth it," says Tom Foley, chairman of Bibb Co., a   Macon, Ga., maker of home furnishings and textile products that use the   National Football League team logos.
"We get more earnings from   the trip than the expense," says Mr. Foley.
The nation's two largest   brewers, Anheuser Busch Cos. Inc. and Miller Brewing Co., are gearing   up to sell their beer with by staging mock football games in television   commercials in conjunction with Super Bowl XXIV in New Orleans.
Both beermakers claim their   packages are the largest Super Bowl promotions ever, with each planning   to spend upwards of $7 million.
Super Bowl XXIV was the most   watched television event of the week, viewed by a whopping 63% of TV   viewers, but not even Joe Montana could lift CBS out of the cellar in   the ratings race, it was reported today .
Despite the low rating,   Sunday's game was seen by about 108.5 million people, making it the   ninth most-watched TV show ever in the United States behind eight Super   Bowls and the final episode of ``MASH''.
The Los Angeles Sports   Council, in a bid to bring Super Bowl XXVII to the Rose Bowl in 1993,   will offer the stadium to the National Football League rent-free in a   proposal next Monday .
Hotels, restaurants and   other businesses are anticipating an estimated $125 million in   revenues, with a total economic impact of $200 million.
The game itself, which is   televised to 750 million people around the world, is only part of an   event whose impact on a city has been compared to that of a national   political convention.
"It's more than a window   into a town," said Jim Steeg, director of special events for the   NFL.
"It's a bay window.
"; Last   month, NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue said he would stand by his   recommendation to move the 1993 Super Bowl out of Tempe, Ariz., because   the state does not have a holiday honoring Dr. Martin Luther King.
