SAM WALTON was arguably the most important   retailer of his generation.
He was born in Kingfisher Okla.
He graduated from the University of   Missouri with an economics degree in 1940 and joined J.C. Penney Co. as a   management trainee in Des Moines, Iowa.
After serving three years in the Army,   he went to Arkansas and opened a Ben Franklin five-and-dime store, eventually   becoming the company's biggest franchisee.
The seeds of the Wal-Mart empire were   sown when Sam and his brother James L., or Bud, opened the first Wal-Mart   Discount City in 1962.
Paying unexpected calls on stores is   one way Walton has kept in close touch with everyday goings-on.
Wal-Mart founder Sam Walton pitched in   to help check-out clerks at his store in this Florida Panhandle city when an   electronic glitch shut down the cash registers.
His example is followed by other Wal-  Mart executives and most make a point of spending a lot of time in the field.
By 1991 the chain's sales had risen to   nearly Dollars 44bn, making it the world's largest retailer in terms of   revenues, and the Walton family probably America's richest.
The chain's success stemmed both from Mr   Walton's personality and willingness to challenge accepted retailing   orthodoxy.
Wal-Mart now operates in 43 US states,   selling goods ranging from detergents to golf clubs.
When Walton first made the Forbes list   of richest Americans, recalled Little Rock investment banker Warren Simpson,   calls came in from all over about the billionaire from the Ozarks.
Walton made that listing as the   richest American every year since.
One of the most sensitive subjects for   Walton is the fortune he's amassed.
One strength the authors identify is   Wal-Mart's ability to copy and adapt from other retailers.
Walton learned from them all, but was   unique in taking his discount stores into small towns of a few thousand people,   where shoppers used to travelling long distances were delighted to have a cut-  price store nearby selling everything they needed.
The problem is that the great Ameri>can   public likes its boot-strap entrepreneurs to be very rich and very upright.
In a country where business practices are   not overly genteel, this is a tough combination to achieve.
Sam Walton, founder of the Wal-Mart chain   of discount supermarkets who died of cancer in April, negotiated these pitfalls   much better than most.
The chain's success stemmed both from Mr   Walton's personality and willingness to challenge accepted retailing   orthodoxy.
