The National Union of Mineworkers said   an estimated 200,000 black gold and coal miners in South Africa will begin a   strike Sunday night for higher wages and better working conditions, in what it   said would be the largest job action ever to affect the mining industry in that   nation.
Gold and coal account for   more than half of South Africa's foreign-currency earnings.
More than 4,000 workers at a coal mine in   the southern city of Jastrzebie went on strike today to demand legalization of   Solidarity and higher wages, a spokeswoman said.
Port workers in Szczecin and southwestern coal miners today   declared sympathy strikes with miners demanding the legalization of Solidarity,   opposition activists said.
More than 10,000 coal miners in four states were off the job today to express   sympathy for miners in Virginia and West Virginia who have waged a bitter strike   since April against the Pittston Coal Group.
Miners in Pennsylvania and Kentucky today became the third and   fourth states to report walkouts at coal companies.
President Mikhail S. Gorbachev said today that thousands of   striking coal miners and other workers are urging railway employees to join the   work stoppage and that the unrest threatens his economic reforms.
Strikes have shut down more than 200   mines and factories in the country's two top coal-producing regions, official   reports said.
A one-day strike by   coal miners in Kazakhstan and the Ukraine has grown into a nationwide walkout   involving up to 100,000 miners demanding President Mikhail Gorbachev surrender   power to the restive republics, a union leader said Friday.
WORKERS AT KGHM, Poland's copper producing combine went   on strike yesterday as coal mining unions staged token stoppages in a third of   the country's pits in a major challenge to the government's economic   policies.
Meanwhile coal mining unions are also demanding wage increases as well as a clear restructuring   strategy for their industry after last week's scattered stoppages in some 15 of   Poland's 71 pits wrung promises of wage rises that cash strapped managements can   ill afford.
COALMINERS from Romania's   Jiu Valley, who spearheaded violent anti-reform rampages through Bucharest in   1990 and 1991, are once again out on strike, pressing the government for higher   wages.
BFN [Text] Donetsk Oblast [no   date as received] -- As UNIAN reported, miners at the "Ordzhonikidzevuhillya"   coal production association and the "Yenakiyevo" and "Poltava" pits went on   strike in Yenakiyevo on 27 June, demanding payment of wage arrears.
