Thunderstorms swept through  central and eastern Ohio, causing flooding that killed at least ten people,  left dozens missing and forced hundreds of others from their homes,  officials said today.
Two creeks just outside this Ohio  River village of 4,300 people overflowed when about 4 inches of rain fell  Thursday night in about an hour.
The raging waters knocked homes  off their foundations and washed away a bar filled with people in Shadyside,  an Appalachian Mountain foothill town.
About 200 residents were evacuated  from their homes in central Ohio after 3 inches of rain fell in an hour,  flooding streets and washing out rural roads.
About 35 buildings, including a  tavern, were damaged along Wegee Creek, and 50 buildings were hit by a flood  along Pipe Creek, four miles south of Wegee Creek, said Dick Quinlin,  Belmont County emergency services coordinator.
Rescuers pulled people from three  cars in Wegee Creek, which flows through Shadyside and into the Ohio River,  said Badia.
The friend, 9-year-old Amber  Colvin, was swept down Wegee Creek and into the Ohio River, but survived a  seven-mile ordeal by clinging to logs.Amber was released from a hospital  Saturday after treatment for minor injuries.
The death toll from flash floods  that swept through a rural area of eastern Ohio rose to 20 Sunday as  searchers dug along two creeks and dived into the Ohio River.
Workers used shovels and picks to  dig along the creek banks, and sifted through debris at places marked with  red flags, where search dogs indicated they'd detected human scents, said  National Guard Capt.
Jim Boling.
Searchers for the missing used  trained dogs to sniff through the rubble and along the banks of the Wegee  and Pipe creeks, which empty into the Ohio River, in an effort that  stretched five miles south of this town.
Eighteen Ohio counties have been  declared federal disaster areas since tornadoes and flooding first struck  May 25 .
The Federal Emergency Management  Agency said it will open an office Tuesday in Shadyside to accept  applications from residents for low-interest loans and grants to help them  rebuild.
Most of those whose homes and  belongings were swept away by the wall of water will have to put their lives  back together largely without benefit of insurance.
Few people in the coal-mining and  steel-making area carried flood insurance, and homeowners' insurance will  not cover damage from Thursday's flood, residents and insurers said.
