Tropical Storm Gilbert formed in the   eastern Caribbean and strengthened into a hurricane Saturday night.
Why Gilbert organized and strengthened   while other systems didn't ``is a mystery more or less,'' said University of   Miami meteorology Professor Rainer Bleck.
Gilbert reached Jamaica after skirting   southern Puerto Rico, Haiti and the Dominican Republic.
Hurricane warnings were issued Monday   for the south coast of Cuba east of Camaguey, the Cayman Islands, and Haiti,   while warnings were discontinued for the Dominican Republic.
Sheets said Gilbert was expected next   to sweep over the Cayman Islands, on its westward track, and in two to three   days veer northwest into the southern Gulf of Mexico.
Earlier Wednesday Gilbert was   classified as a Category 5 storm, the strongest ad deadliest type of   hurricane.
Such storms have maximum sustained   winds greater than 155 mph and can cause catastrophic damage.
Hurricane Gilbert, one of the   strongest storms ever, slammed into the Yucatan Peninsula Wednesday and leveled   thatched homes, tore off roofs, uprooted trees and cut off the Caribbean resorts   of Cancun and Cozumel.
The Mexican National Weather Service   reported winds gusting as high as 218 mph earlier Wednesday with sustained winds   of 179 mph.
More than 120,000 people on the   northeast Yucatan coast were evacuated, the Yucatan state government said.
Shelters had little or no food, water   or blankets and power was out.
The eye of the storm passed over   Cozumel and Cancun with howling winds clocked at 160 mph at about 8 a.m.   EDT.
The storm killed 19 people in Jamaica   and five in the Dominican Republic before moving west to Mexico.
Prime Minister Edward Seaga of Jamaica   said Wednesday the storm destroyed an estimated 100,000 of Jamaica's 500,000   homes when it throttled the island Monday.
The Jamaican Embassy reported earlier   that 500,000 of the nation's 2.3 million people were homeless.
The National Hurricane Center said a   hurricane watch was in effect on the Texas coast from Brownsville to Port Arthur   and along the coast of northeast Mexico from Tampico north.
Only two Category 5 hurricanes have   hit the United States _ the 1935 storm that killed 408 people in Florida and   Hurricane Camille that devastated the Mississippi coast in 1969, killing 256   people.
The National Hurricane Center said   Gilbert was the most intense storm on record in terms of barometric   pressure.
It was measured at 26.31 inches,   breaking the 26.35 inches recorded for the 1935 hurricane that devastated the   Florida Keys.
