Robert Maxwell, the flamboyant   billionaire who built a global publishing empire, was found dead Tuesday in   waters off the Canary Islands, where he had been vacationing on his yacht.
Authorities said Maxwell, 68, who   earlier this year had bought the New York Daily News, vanished overnight from   the 180-foot Lady Ghislaine.
Among Maxwell's assets were the Macmillan publishing house in New York,   Britain's No.
2 paper, the Daily Mirror, The Daily Record, and The European and   British Printing Communications Corp., Britain's largest printing company.
Maxwell's sons, Kevin, 32, and Ian,   35, took over running the businesses Tuesday.
Investigators have said Maxwell siphoned money from his companies in   a desperate attempt to deal with his empire's crushing debts.
They also have said some questionable   transactions may have occurred after Maxwell's death.
ABOUT 20 banks became con-cerned last summer at the behaviour   of businesses run by Robert Maxwell several months before he died and his   business empire collapsed.
Their concern arose when Maxwell Communication Corporation made late payments to them,   a Financial Times investigation has discovered.
Starting about July 4 1991, MCC's treasury, under the authority of   Maxwell and his son, Kevin, had begun to buy and sell enormous amounts of   foreign currencies.
In these 'spot' transactions, MCC would buy a currency in one financial centre promising to make   payment in another centre.
On a number of occasions, MCC received the currency, but did not make the payment -   thereby giving itself an unauthorised loan.
At least Dollars 100m (Pounds 55m) in unapproved credit is thought   to have been raised this way.
Later last year, Robert Maxwell made many repayments to banks by looting pension fund   assets and also carrying out unusual fundraising exercises with US investment   banks, from which tens of millions of dollars were borrowed at a high price.
DOCUMENTS which show for the first time   that both Mr Robert Maxwell and his son Kevin were intimately involved in   substantial purchases of shares in Maxwell Communication Corporation, one of   their own public companies, have been obtained by the Financial Times.
Kevin Maxwell has been linked to   transactions of a pension fund management firm at the center of the controversy   over the missing money, investigators say.
He and brother Ian are under court order to disclose by next week   what they know about the affairs of Bishopsgate Investment Management Ltd., one   of about 40 companies controlled by their father.
