SAM WALTON was arguably the most   important retailer of his generation.
The church-going son of a farmer born in   1918 near Kingfisher, Oklahoma, he founded a store chain which made him   America's richest man, and which, shortly before his death in 1992, became the   world's biggest retailer.
What they found was a happily married,   much-liked billionaire who enjoyed quail hunting, breakfasted at the local   Holiday Inn, and drove a battered pick-up truck, minus two hub-caps.
He's ranked as the richest man in the   nation by a leading business magazine, but to folks in Bentonville, a town of   about 8,700 people, Sam Walton is just another neighbor.
By all accounts, Sam Walton's   personality permeates operations throughout the company.
Folksy was an understatement.
Paying unexpected calls on stores is   one way Walton has kept in close touch with everyday goings-on.
His example is followed by other Wal-  Mart executives and most make a point of spending a lot of time in the   field.
To paraphrase Sam's primary rules of   retailing, ``Rule No.1 is the customer is always right.
Employee satisfaction - an idea which is   only now gaining wider acceptance in US service industries - was also a vital   ingredient in the Walton philosophy.
Mr Walton also disproved the   conventional wisdom that large discount stores could not operate successfully in   the small, rural towns of the US south.
This technology helped Wal-Mart build   one of the most efficient distribution systems of any retailer.
But perhaps the most fundamental reason   for its success, the book suggests, has been Wal-Mart's streamlined and highly   responsive management structure.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.'s Visitors Center   opens Wednesday in the same building on the downtown square where Walton first   opened for business on May 9, 1950.
The center chronicles the rise of the   nation's fastest-growing discount chain, using displays and audio-video   presentations.
MADE IN AMERICA: MY STORY By Sam Walton   Doubleday, Dollars 22.50.
269 pages Being an American folk hero is a tricky   assignment, as Ross Perot found out.
'WAL-MART: A HISTORY OF SAM WALTON'S   RETAIL PHENOMENON' by Sandra S. Vance and Roy V. Scott Twayne Publishers, New   York, Dollars 14.95 240 pages Many people might be said to be the   personification of the American Dream; few are better qualified for that title   than Sam Walton.
The book also covers well the debate   over whether Wal-Mart's impact on the economies of small US towns was positive   or negative.
