Exotic Kashmir, a tourist paradise of   houseboat hotels and Mogul gardens from whose name the English made   ``cashmere,'' has become a war zone of separatism and religious enmity.
Military jeeps carry senior government   officials and civil servants around Srinagar in these dangerous days, as   soldiers and paramilitary troopers try to stop a campaign of violence by Moslem   separatists in the Kashmir Valley.
At least 1,034 people have been killed   in the Kashmir valley since New Delhi cracked down on the secessionist movement   on Jan. 20.
Jammu-Kashmir is the only state with a   Moslem majority in predominantly Hindu India.
The most powerful group is the Jammu-  Kashmir Liberation Front, but there are several others, including the Allah   Tigers, Hezb-e-Mujahed Hezb-e-Islami.
Kashmiri militants had earlier   campaigned for union with Pakistan, which claims Kashmir because of its   predominant Moslem population, but now they demand independence and the status   of a neutral country .
India claims the fundamentalists get   money and weapons from Pakistan.
The Pakistanis deny it.
Parts of Kashmir region are claimed by   both India and Pakistan.
The dispute started when the state was   partitioned between the two countries when they gained independence from Britain   in 1947.
Pakistan and Indian twice have gone to   war over Kashmir, in 1948 and again in 1965.
U.N. observers are stationed on the   truce line and the two sides occasionally trade gunfire.
A fluid 840-mile cease-fire line   separates the Indian and Pakistani Kashmirs.
Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto on   Thursday accused India of waging ``genocide'' in secession-minded Kashmir and of   trying to start a war with Pakistan to deflect attention.
The government today imposed direct   federal rule in Kashmir, where Indian security forces are battling to put down a   rebellion by Moslem separatists.
The announcement of federal rule   reflected the belief that Jammu-Kashmir state was too unstable to be run by an   elected local government.
Relations between Pakistan and India   worsened in January when Indian soldiers cracked down on Moslem militants in   Kashmir who are seeking independence from India or union with Pakistan.
In the Pakistani capital of Islamabad,   meanwhile, India and Pakistan opened negotiations today aimed at repairing   relations threatened by the rebellion in the disputed northern region.
Indian officials maintain that   Kashmiri militants regularly cross over to Pakistan through the border and   return by the same route after reciving arms training.
Pakistan denies it is training or   helping the militants, but calls the separatist struggle a fight for self-  determination.
