The Discovery astronauts   triumphantly launched the $1.5-billion Hubble Space Telescope one orbit   late today after last-ditch commands from Earth freed a stuck solar   panel, narrowly averting a daring emergency spacewalk .
Hubble has been waiting to   take its place in space since 1983, delayed by technical problems and   the Challenger accident.
During Hubble's 15-year   journey through space, astronomers expect to look back to nearly the   beginning of time and solve some of the universe's most perplexing   mysteries.
The European Space Agency   contributed $250 million for 15 percent of the viewing time.
During its 15-year working   lifetime, the telescope will provide astronomers with 10 times better   resolution and 25 times more sensitivity than ground-based   observatories.
The telescope is named for   the late astronomer Edwin P. Hubble, who discovered during the 1920s   that the universe is expanding.
His work gave rise to the Big   Bang theory that the universe was created by a tremendous   explosion.
The telescope is 43 feet long   and 14 feet in diameter, about the size of a railroad tank car.
Discovery was 380 statute   miles above Earth, 70 miles higher than any shuttle has ever flown.
The orbit was dictated by the   need to put the telescope above the Earth's distorting atmosphere.
Ground controllers at the   Goddard Space Flight Center finally made contact today with the two   main antennas on the $1.5 billion Hubble Space Telescope after trying   for more than six hours to lock on.
The telescope's low-gain   antennas, which receive and transmit information at a much slower rate   and can be used in emergencies, were working well.
Using the Hooker Telescope,   Hubble was the first to determine the distance to a galaxy outside the   Milky Way, the institute said in a statement.
The Hubble Space Telescope   was awakened from its self-induced sleep today but it was still without   the use of its high-speed antennas, and its science instruments were on   hold, unable to begin any observations.
The telescope's big eye has   remained open, but Hubble had been in a ``safe mode'' with all motion   stopped because of earlier problems in linking the high-speed dish   antennas with a relay satellite.
Discovery's astronauts,   meanwhile, packed their gear for a return to Earth Sunday, made some   last-minute observations of Earth and talked with ground-based   reporters about their flight.
A colleague, Steve Terry,   said Hubble's systems were set at conservative limits for the first   operations and that caused many malfunctions.
