Handling of the controversy   highlighted all the inconsistencies for which Mrs. Aquino has been criticized:   lack of clear priorities; tactical blundering; and the strong influence of her   relatives over national policy.
President Corazon Aquino has agreed to   allow Ferdinand Marcos to return to the Philippines so that the government can   try him on charges of stealing billions of dollars, newspapers said   Saturday.
President Corazon Aquino said Friday   that for security reasons she would not permit deposed President Ferdinand   E. Marcos to be buried in the Philippines Government officials have accused   Marcos supporters of taking part in at least two attempted coups against the   Aquino government .
Aquino evidently is concerned that   even after death, the return of Marcos' remains could spark violence or   galvanize opposition to her government .
The 71-year-old Marcos was in critical   condition Friday in a Honolulu hospital after emergency kidney surgery.
Mrs. Aquino, on the first stop of her   weeklong three-nation European tour, met with West German President Richard von   Weizsaecker, Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher and other officials.
Mrs. Aquino said the Philippines' debt   was projected to increase to $29 billion by year's end but that much was money   that ``was in fact stolen by the previous government'' of ousted dictator   Ferdinand Marcos.
Philippine Vice President and   opposition leader Salvador H. Laurel declined Saturday night to condemn the   armed insurrection in his country and said the rebels "have the right" to try to   seize power .
As a military coup attempt unfolded in   their homeland 7,000 miles away, supporters of the rebellious soldiers engaged   in a shouting match Thursday night with supporters of President Corazon Aquino   at the Philippine Consulate in Los Angeles .
The resignation of the land reform   secretary raises doubts about President Corazon Aquino's commitment to agrarian   reform and dramatizes conflicts in a government criticized for lack of   vision.
President Corazon Aquino today reversed   a long-held policy and said she was willing to negotiate cease-fires with   Communist guerrillas and former soldiers who have staged coup attempts.
The quick collapse of a bizarre   military revolt on the Philippines' second-largest island leaves President   Corazon Aquino's beleaguered government with a muddied victory at best and clear   danger signs ahead .
Ironically, Noble made his move on the   day a presidential fact-finding board issued a long-awaited 609-page report on   the causes of last December's coup attempt in Manila, which left more than 100   people dead .
