THE INVASION: Iraq's troops,   led by about 350 tanks, crossed the border at dawn Thursday, and seized   the Kuwaiti palace and government buildings 40 miles away.
CAUSE OF CONFLICT: President   Saddam Hussein of Iraq accused Kuwait of stealing oil from its   territory and forcing down oil prices through overproduction.
Kuwait and U.N. diplomats   dismissed Iraq's claim that it invaded at the request of Kuwaiti   revolutionaries.
REACTION: The U.N. Security Council voted 14-0 to   condemn the invasion.
Bush said the United States   would ``take whatever steps necessary'' to defend interests in the   gulf.
He froze Iraq's assets in the   United States and blocked almost all Iraqi imports, including oil.
Kuwait's U.S. ambassador said   the nation had asked for American military intervention.
A Pentagon source said a U.S.   naval group was diverted toward the Persian Gulf.
Oil prices soared in frenzied   trading amid fears the invasion would reduce the supply of oil .
By controlling Kuwait, Saddam   could help solve the financial hangover from the Persian Gulf war and   fulfill Iraq's longstanding wish for more gulf coastline.
Saudi Arabia, an oil-rich   ally of Kuwait, has been subdued in its reaction to Iraq's invasion of   Kuwait.
Saudi Arabia was also one of   the 14 members of the 21-member Arab League that condemned the invasion   in the same terms as the Gulf Cooperation Council.
Oil executives said Saudi   Arabia has not and will not take the most potent action possible   against Iraq _ closing the pipeline that carries Iraqi oil for export   across Saudi Arabia to the Red Sea.
A boycott of Iraqi oil forced   Baghdad today to close one of two pipelines in Turkey that were pumping   the bulk of Iraq's exported oil, Turkish officials said.
U.S. officials said there was   no indication Iraqi troops were preparing to invade Saudi Arabia.
The U.N. Security Council today   overwhelmingly approved sweeping trade and military sanctions against   Iraq, including a ban on oil purchases, to punish Baghdad for invading   Kuwait.
It was the third time in its   45-year existence that the world body had voted sanctions against a   member state.
HUNDREDS ROUNDED UP DURING   SWEEP OF KUWAIT HOTELS; The Iraqi-installed Kuwait   government had earlier warned foreign countries that they should not   forget their citizens in Kuwait while heaping on economic punishments,   and today's roundup appeared to be a reaction against the sanctions   .
