The Booker Prize is Britain's literary   event of the year, guaranteed to boost sales of the chosen novel after the award   announcement Oct. 16, and dinner in London's ancient Guildhall.
Australian novelist Peter Carey was   awarded the coveted Booker Prize for fiction Tuesday night for his love story,   ``Oscar and Lucinda''.
It is administered by Book Trust, an   educational charity promoting books, and is sponsored by Booker, an   international food and farming business .
Six novels have been nominated for the   Booker Prize, Britain's most prestigious fiction award, and bookmakers say the   favorite is ``The Remains of the Day'' by Japanese author Kazuo Ishiguro.
The award, to be announced Oct. 26,   carries a $31,600 prize funded by the Booker McConnell food company.
Kazuo Ishiguro Wins Britain's Top   Literary Prize.
British publishers can submit three   new novels by British and Commonwealth writers.
Critic and novelist A.S. Byatt on   Tuesday won the Booker Prize, Britain's most prestigious literary award, for her   tale of two young scholars investigating the lives of a pair of imaginary   Victorian poets.
It is Britain's top literary award .
London's litterati have for weeks been   betting on Michael Ondaatje's The English Patient - those of them who have seen   a proof copy because it is not officially published until next week.
Last night the bookmakers William Hill   made it the 5-2 favourite.
Last year the prize was won by Ben Okri,   for his book The Famished Road .
The shortlist for the Booker, the UK's   most hyped literary prize and one of the most lucrative, is all the more   surprising in a bumper year for new fiction fulfilling the criteria - English   language and non-American - for consideration for the award.
After hours of heated delib-eration -   under a system described as 'mad' by one judge - the Pounds 20,000 Booker Prize   for fiction last night went to Mr James Kelman for How Late It Was, How Late,   published by Secker and Warburg.
The novel, a story of Scottish low-life   narrated largely in Glaswegian dialect, is unlikely to prove a popular choice   with booksellers, who have damned all six books shortlisted for the prize as   boring, elitist and - worst of all - unsaleable.
'Moon Tiger': A Dark Horse Takes the Booker   --- By Terry Trucco Oh yes, "Moon Tigers" is a dying   woman's recollection of her life as a World War II war correspondent and her   affair with a young tank officer.
