The motion picture industry's   most coveted award, Oscar, was created 60 years ago and 1,816 of the   statuettes have been produced so far.
Oscar, manufactured by the   R.S.
Owens Co., Chicago, is made of Britannia metal, copper plate,   nickel plate and gold plate.
Last year, the Oscarcast was   seen by one billion people in 79 countries.
``Ben-Hur'' in 1959 was the   most-awarded film with 11, and Walt Disney was the most-awarded person   with 32 .
What actress has received the   most Oscars?
Katharine Hepburn, 4.
Oscar's 60-year history is   filled with examples of the film world's highest achievers being   overlooked by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
The Academy appeared to make   amends last year by presenting Spielberg with the Irving Thalberg award   for ``consistently high quality of production''.
In a lecture and question-and-  answer session Monday, Lee shrugged off the academy's icy treatment of   his latest movie, ``Do the Right Thing,'' and blamed it on generational   politics.
As it was, 10 different   movies split 17 awards, the most winners for one year in this   decade.
The industry is still   adjusting to its changing -- its older and more demanding audience --   and that means a wider variety of films.
Nominations for acting,   directing, art direction and all specialized categories are handled by   select branches and committees composed of Academy members.
All voting members of the   Academy can participate in the best picture nominations and may vote   for the final awards in all categories.
Given the tremendous impact   both an Oscar nomination and an Oscar victory have on a film's   fortunes, it's not entirely surprising that a certain degree of   artifice might surround the Oscars.
The Academy insists that a   contract signed by Oscar winners mandates that they will not sell the   trophies without first offering them to the Academy for a nominal   fee.
``But now that the word is   out that these awards are worth $10,000 to $50,000, people are   reluctant to sell them back to the Academy for $10,'' Willits said.
The academy claimed that the   Star Award, the trophy look-alike made by Creative House Promotions,   violated copyright laws, diluted the academy's trademark and   represented unfair competition.
The court found otherwise.
The Walt Disney Co. filed suit   in Los Angeles federal court Thursday against the Academy of Motion   Picture Arts and Sciences, charging copyright infringement of its Snow   White character and unfair competition .
