Chinese troops stormed Tiananmen   Square early Sunday, shooting and beating their way through crowds of pro-  democracy protesters in clashes that witnesses and doctors said killed at least   32 people.
The assault came two weeks after   Premier Li Peng declared martial law in Beijing and sent troops to the city.
The standoff between troops and   protesters had been tense but largely peaceful for weeks, with soldiers   seemingly reluctant or unable to move against the crowds until the first   widespread violence broke out Saturday afternoon.
June 3-4 _ Tens of thousands of troops   make several attempts to move on the square but are driven back by crowds of   hundreds of thousands of people supporting the students.
A final push is made the evening of   June 3, and soldiers begin firing on crowds.
Troops surround and enter the square   June 4 in the early morning hours and thousands of protesters flee.
The battle for Tiananmen was primarily   fought in the streets leading to the square, where scores of people fell trying   to prevent columns of troops and armored military vehicles from moving on the   students.
_ More than 20,000 people block a 26-  truck convoy about 2 miles east of the square and thousands of others converge   on the square to protect students demanding democratic reforms.
Dawn broke Sunday over a battle-scarred   Tiananmen Square with tanks and rifle-toting troops ruling the vast expanse   occupied the day before by students seeking a freer society from their communist   rulers.
A low cloud of smoke covered much of   the 100-acre square as bonfires set during the night's confrontation continued   to smolder.
Hundreds of helmeted troops were   deployed on the monument to revolutionary heroes in the square's center and   thousands more at important intersections nearby.
Tanks moved into place on what had   hours earlier been a rag-tag squatter's camp of tents for the pro-democracy   students.
The government says nearly 300 people,   mostly soldiers, were killed; diplomats and Chinese say up to 3,000 died.
Nearly all of the deaths and injuries   occurred Saturday night and early Sunday when troops, firing randomly into large   crowds, smashed through barricades to reach Tiananmen square and attack   demonstrators demanding democratic reforms.
Demonstraters in Shanghai, Nanjing and   other major Chinese cities protest the slaughter in Beijing.
U.S. announces suspension of all   military sales and visits of Chinese military leaders, but stops short of   severing diplomatic ties.
Other nations urge their citizens to   leave Beijing .
