The mass emigration of   thousands of disaffected East Germans has rekindled reunification talk   in West Germany, where some legislators plan to begin exploring the   possiblity of reuniting the two Germanys.
Once dismissed as a nostalgic   daydream, the idea of German reunification has gotten a public nod from   President Bush and something short of a categorical ``no'' from   President Mikhail S. Gorbachev of the Soviet Union.
It is a prospect that creates   unease in Britain and France, and in Poland in the East bloc.
Reunification, Sorenson says,   ``will pose problems, because we couldn't afford to have a reunited   Germany outside the Western Alliance.
The Soviet Union couldn't   afford to have a reunited Germany as part of the Western Alliance.
Chancellor Helmut Kohl   assured visiting U.S. senators on the eve of a superpower summit that   West Germany will not forsake NATO to reunite with East Germany, one of   the senators said Friday.
Since East Germans began   agitating for an end to Communist domination two months ago, public   pressure has forced the opening of the Berlin Wall and pushed the   Communists to promise free elections and relinquish their political   monopoly .
Modrow said the two Germanys   could work toward confederation in phases with no time limit.
Communist leaders launched   their uphill campaign for March 18 parliamentary elections with a news   conference to unveil their ``European concept'' that aims for a united   and demilitarized Europe.
Honecker was ousted from the   leadership on Oct. 18, after massive pro-democracy demonstrations.
Earlier Saturday, West German   Finance Minister Theo Waigel said the East German economy was in a   ``sorrowful state'' and urged the East German government to release   details on its financial situation.
``The world is expecting a   Jewish statement on reunification,'' said Edgar Bronfman, the president   of the World Jewish Congress.
As the western German population is now   aware, German reunification needs a strong, growing west German economy   to finance the subsidisation of eastern Germans' living standards until   there is a sustained upswing in the east - even if at the cost of   higher German inflation than the Bundesbank would wish.
West German Chancellor Helmut   Kohl declared on his return from Moscow on Sunday that "the way is now   free" for German reunification .
Asked how soon the two   Germanys could merge, Kohl declared that the March election has to come   first, and "then I think it will all go very quickly" .
