The crippling drought hitting   North America is expected to reduce world grain stocks to levels that   may cause food shortages in many poor countries, the U.N.
But the United States ``will   continue to be a major player'' in world agriculture and in 1989   ``should be able to bounce back'' from this year's drought losses, he   said.
The most severely hit crops   are coarse grains _ mostly maize, barley and oats, the report said.
United Parcel Service plans   to ship free of charge 20 to 30 tons of hay from Portland to Louisville   each day for the next two weeks.
The hay that arrived in   Kentuky today will be stored at a fairgrounds, and distributed next   week by lottery to farmers, who will pay for the hay, officials   said.
One railroad, CSX   Transportation Corp., offered to bring the hay free of charge from   Chicago if the Union Pacific or Burlington Northern lines could get it   to Chicago.
At least 50 truckloads of hay   gathered from the Carolinas and Virginia are being shipped to Ohio on   Thursday in a drive organized by the Charlotte Motor Speedway and the   National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing.
Extremely heavy rain fell   Tuesday in sections of Texas, Louisiana, Oklahoma and Arkansas.
Heavy rain fell on some of   the driest areas of central and east-central Minnesota, but it was   ``way, way below what we should have, as far as precipitation goes,'' a   National Weather Service hydrologist said.
Forest Service has banned all   machinery with internal combustion engines from the Upper Peninsula's   Hiawatha National Forest after noon.
The drought may force the   government to ease crop acreage controls next year to help the United   States rebuild its grain inventories, says Agriculture Secretary   Richard E. Lyng.
In Washington, the House and   Senate Agriculture committees began working on wide-ranging legislation   that would provide payments of up to $100,000 each to farmers whose   crops have been wiped out by the dry spell.
ILLINOIS State Treasurer Jerry   Cosentino announced a program to provide drought-stricken farmers with   access to commercial loans with below-market interest rates.
A larger portion of the   United States suffered from some degree of drought stress in May and   June than at any point since records began in 1895, he said.
To Be Hot, Dry Until Mid-  August, Weather Service Says The symposium attended by 13   state and national experts was sponsored by The Weather Channel, an   Atlanta-based cable network, which broadcast the meeting live.
Experts: Public Interest In   Climate May Dry Up After Drought
