FT 15 MAR 93 / Bombay stays calm in the   face of horror: The city seems determined to put Friday's outrage behind it THE INDIAN government flew federal   paramilitary troops into Bombay last night after more than a dozen bombs   exploded in the city, killing about 200 people and injuring more than a   thousand.
The 29-storey Jijobhoy Towers, home of the   Bombay Stock Exchange, was rocked by two powerful bombs last Friday, leaving 60   dead and 200 injured.
The market reopened on Monday in an   attempt to return to normal.
Dealers seemed to like this, the BSE index   rising by 5.6 per cent on Monday and Tuesday.
But another bomb blast in Calcutta   triggered nervous selling yesterday, and the index came back by 50.62, or 2.1   per cent, to 2,409.23.
The Indian stock markets have been   passing through a series of crises since December, when activists of the   Bhartiya Janta party pulled down the Babri mosque at Ayodhya, sparking off   communal riots.
More than 2,000 people died in riots,   including over 700 in Bombay, after the razing of a mosque at Ayodhya in   northern India by Hindu zealots on December 6.
All this has taken place against a   volatile background: the Bombay equity market, over the past six weeks or so,   has had to contend first with unusually bullish speculation, before the national   budget on February 27, and subsequently with some savage expressions of   disappointment.
Dr Manmohan Singh, the Indian finance   minister, disappointed traders in the budget at the end of last month.
He lowered the tax to 30 per cent from 65   per cent for expatriate Indians and foreign investors but for local investors it   remained at 44.5 per cent.
The relative lack of financial   concessions meant that disappointed traders sold with a vengeance and, until the   weekend, the market seemed bottomless as equity prices plummeted to a 13-month   low.
The Sebi has accused stockbrokers of   flouting the exchange's rules, including regulations on margin trading designed   to limit the risk of members defaulting through excessive speculative   investments.
The bombs appeared designed to stir a   renewal of communal strife and to undermine efforts by the government of Mr PV   Narasimha Rao to open up the economy and attract foreign investment and   tourism.
But much more should go to the people of   Bombay, who, so far at least, have refused to be goaded into violent protest by   the bombers .
