Space Telescope Opening a Window on the   Beginning of Time Hubble has been waiting to take its   place in space since 1983, delayed by technical problems and the Challenger   accident.
The problem was overcome and the   shuttle lifted off at 8:34 a.m. EDT, about three minutes late.
Discovery, trailing an arc of white   smoke into a brilliant blue sky, carried the silver-colored telescope to an   orbit 380 miles above Earth _ higher by 70 miles than any previous shuttle.
The observatory is considered the   greatest advance in astronomy since Galileo first used a telescope in 1609.
The telescope is 43 feet long and 14   feet in diameter, about the size of a railroad tank car.
It is named after the late astronomer   Edwin P. Hubble, who theorized that the universe was expanding and that the   farther away a galaxy is, the faster it is traveling.
That gave support to the theory that a   massive explosion _ the Big Bang _ created the universe 10 to 20 billion years   ago.
The telescope has two mirrors, one   94.5 inches in diameter, the other 12 inches.
Two of the instruments are cameras,   two are spectrometers and one is a photometer.
During its 15-year working lifetime,   the telescope will provide astronomers with 10 times better resolution and 25   times more sensitivity than ground-based observatories.
Discovery's astronauts overcame balky   equipment to send the Hubble Space Telescope floating free from the shuttle   today on a 15-year quest for secrets of the universe.
The final hours before its release   were a nightmare for ground controllers as they commanded the unfurling of two   solar panels that power the telescope's instruments.
The starboard panel balked twice as it   was being pulled from its reel.
But there was a third try and it was   successful.
The $1.5 billion telescope was   released at 3:38 p.m. EDT as the shuttle entered its 20th orbit of Earth, nearly   two hours and one orbit later than planned.
The lens cover on the Hubble Space   Telescope opened today after a morning of worrisome problems, and Mission   Control told the Discovery astronauts they no longer are needed to rescue the   $1.5 billion instrument.
The Hubble Space Telescope orbited   with its big eye open Friday after ground controllers overcame communications   problems and lifted its lens cover, but its electronics were shut down due to a   malfunction.
Discovery is to land at 9:48 a.m. EDT   Sunday at Edwards Air Force Base, Calif.
