BELGRADE, Yugoslavia (AP) The communist world gets its first   McDonald's next week, and some people here are wondering whether its American   hamburgers will be as popular as the local fast-food treat, Pljeskavica.
Police kept watch on the lines of   customers snaking around the block, and they regulated the number who came   inside to avoid overcrowding.
``I think this restaurant has no   competition in Belgrade,'' said Milica Danic, a housewife who treated her son to   a cheeseburger.
The next East European McDonald's is   scheduled to be opened in Budapest, Hungary, by the end of this year, said Vesna   Milosevic, another Genex official.
MOSCOW (AP) The world's largest version of the   landmark American fast-food chain rang up 30,000 meals on 27 cash registers,   breaking the opening-day record for McDonald's worldwide, officials said.
The restaurant, built by the company   in a joint venture with the city of Moscow that began 14 years ago, brought to   52 the number of countries where McDonald's operates.
McDonald's built its own factory,   including bakery, dairy, meat-processing plant and even potato storage yard, to   provide its own guaranteed supplies in a country where up to 25 percent of the   harvest rots en route to the consumer.
SHENZHEN, China (AP) McDonald's hamburgers, fries and   golden arches came to China on Monday when the fast-food chain opened its first   restaurant in a nation famed for its distinctive cuisine.
McDonald's hopes to open a restaurant   in Beijing later.
MOSCOW Opening the second McDonald's restaurant   in Moscow, along with a 12-storey office block, Mr George Cohon, head of   McDonald's Canada, could well be described as the Russian authorities' idea of a   model investor.
Although the first Moscow restaurant is   the busiest McDonald's in the world the plunging rouble, high inflation and   constantly changing tax rules have been a challenge to McDonald's management,   who admitted that they have no idea of when it could recoup its initial Dollars   50m investment.
SEOUL Seven years after the U.S. hamburger   giant first tried to bring its Big Macs to South Korea, the golden arches were   finally going up.
The company is a 50-50 joint venture   of McDonald's Corp., Oak Brook, Ill., and an accountant-turned-entrepreneur, Ahn   Hyo Young.
South Korea may be one of McDonald's   most promising foreign markets, business analysts say.
The competition, besides Wendy's   International's 11 shops and six of Burger King, a unit of Pillsbury Co.,   includes home-grown burger chains.
