Overcrowding and safety violations  caused an aging ferry to capsize in the Ganges River, killing as many as 400  people, a government report said.
The ferry accident was said to be  India's worst ever.
Boat accidents are common during  the annual monsoon rains when major rivers overflow their banks .
More than 100 people were feared  drowned after an overcrowded ferry sank at a river junction in southern  Bangladesh, police said today.
Another ferry was attacked by  river pirates near Chandpur late Tuesday, police said.
About 200 passengers were wounded  when the pirates fired rifles and hurled homemade bombs before making off  with about $83,000 in local currency, police said.
An overloaded ferry taking  schoolchildren on a field trip capsized and sank in southern China, killing  55 people and leaving seven missing, the China News Service said in a  dispatch seen Sunday.
The 183 passengers and four crew  members ``enormously exceeded'' the ferry's capacity and the ship capsized  Wednesday before it had sailed 200 yards, the report said.
The move followed the July 21  capsizing of a ferry on the Min River in Southwestern Sichuan province in  which 133 people died, and the July 25 sinking of a passenger boat on the  Yangtze River in which 71 people drowned .
A passenger ferry sank off the  Caribbean coast while being towed to port, and 59 people drowned and six are  missing, authorities and news reports said today.
Sixty-seven people drowned and 14  were missing.
Officials said 46 people survived  the sinking of the ferry Justo Rufino Barrios II in Amatique Bay on  Guatemala's east coast Sunday.
Juan Pablo Ezquibel was arrested  after authorities determined that about 120 people were aboard the 30-ton  ferry, which was authorized to carry 90, said Capt.
Anibal Giron Arreola,  second-in-command at the Puerto Barrios naval base.
The Israeli ferry Tuvia capsized  shortly after midnight on Saturday, throwing more than 100 men into the cold  waters of Haifa Bay.
A boat carrying hundreds of  Somali refugees struck a reef off Kenya and sank, killing more than 130  people, newspapers reported.
The accident involving a vessel  ferrying about 600 people occurred Friday near Malindi, a tourist resort  about 400 miles southeast of Nairobi .
Navy aircraft joined the search  today for survivors of the ferry sinking that left 471 people missing in  shark-infested Red Sea waters but found nothing but empty life rafts and  debris.
Hassan Al-Aghouri, Egypt's chief  of port security, said the Egyptian-registered ferry inexplicably left  standard navigational channels and investigators were seeking to question  surviving crew about the course change.
