IRAQ TRAMPLES KUWAIT; TROOPS SEIZE CAPITAL, PALACE;   EMIR FLEES; The crisis began July 17 when   Saddam accused Kuwait of trying to wreck the debt-ridden Iraqi economy   with oil overproduction and began massing troops on Kuwait's   border.
He accused Kuwait and the   United Arab Emirates of costing Iraq $14 billion in lost oil revenue by   ignoring their quotas assigned by the Organization of Petroleum   Exporting Countries.
He also accused Kuwait of   stealing $2.4 billion by pumping oil from a disputed field that   straddled their border, and demanded that Kuwait write off an estimated   $15 billion it loaned Iraq during the Persian Gulf war.
By controlling Kuwait, Saddam   could help solve the financial hangover from the Persian Gulf war and   fulfill Iraq's longstanding wish for more gulf coastline.
The invasion came hours after   Iraq broke off talks intended to mend its differences with Kuwait.
The Iraqi government of   President Saddam Hussein claimed that it invaded at the request of   revolutionaries who had already staged a coup and established "the   provisional government of free Kuwait".
Kuwait and U.N. diplomats   labeled the coup report a farce.
The Kuwaiti ambassador said   the leaders were safe in Saudi Arabia .
The Bush administration   demanded immediate withdrawal of the Iraqi forces and added that it was   ``reviewing all options in its response to the Iraqi aggression''.
Today's fighting quickly sent   oil prices surging in international markets.
_President Bush signed orders   freezing Iraqi assets in the United States and blocking most Iraqi   imports, including oil.
_A Pentagon source said the   aircraft carrier USS Independence, escorted by a six-ship battle group,   was diverted from the Indian Ocean toward the gulf, where other U.S.   ships were already patrolling.
Saddam has sought to inherit   the mantle of the late Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nassar as the   leader of the Arab world.
The Arab leaders, Bush said,   had appealed to him for "restraint" and "a short period of time" in   which to develop an "Arab solution" .
At a news conference in   Washington, Kuwaiti ambassador Saud appealed to the United States for   military assistance.
The U.N. role in the Iraq-  Kuwait crisis assumed increasing importance after divided Arab nations   cancelled an emergency summit on the invasion.
Security Council overwhelming   approved sweeping trade and military sanctions against Iraq to punish   it for invading the emirate .
Iraq struck back against the   West today, rounding up hundreds of foreign nationals in Kuwait, as the   U.N.
