Miss Ball, born 60 miles south of  Buffalo in Jamestown on Aug. 6, 1911, grew up in nearby Celoron, a rural  hamlet on Chautauqua Lake.
Playing the ingenue lead in the  1940 musical "Too Many Girls," Miss Ball met rumba singer Arnaz, cast as a  Cuban football player.
She later told an interviewer, "It  was, at least for me, true love from the start" .
Exchanging vows seven months  later, the pair began what was for the most part a troubled marriage.
1951 _ They form Desilu  Productions with $5,000 and ``I Love Lucy'' begins its historic six-year  domination of television comedy.
As testament to their value as  prime-time stars, Miss Ball and Arnaz signed an $8 million, no-cancellation,  two-year contract with CBS in 1953 _ the largest in television history at  the time and a figure scarcely any TV star can touch today.
Instead, in the years since the  original 153 "I Love Lucy" episodes were telecast, they have been shown and  reshown in virtually every country around the globe, earning an estimated  $50 million to $100 million.
"I never wanted to be an  executive, but when my marriage to Desi broke up after 19 years, I couldn't  just walk away from my obligations and say 'forget it,' " Miss Ball  explained.
Miss Ball died of a ruptured aorta  at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles Wednesday morning, hospital  officials said.
She was 77.
An outpouring of sympathy from  presidents to childhood neighbors followed the death of Lucille Ball, but  many said the queen mother of comedy will live on through television reruns  and her influence on comedy.
But she also embodied an even  greater treasure _ the gift of love,'' President Bush said in a  statement.
A private burial was planned,  reportedly with no funeral services in accordance with Miss Ball's  wishes.
``God has her now, and, thanks to  television, we'll have her forever,'' said comedian and longtime friend Bob  Hope.
"Her red hair, her antics on the  screen, her timing and her zest for life made her an American institution,"  former President and Nancy Reagan said in a statement.
Her greatest achievements, she  always would add, were not any milestones in her career but ranked somewhere  under the birth of her two children, Lucie in 1951 and Desi Jr., two years  later .
In addition to her 13 Emmy  nominations (she won four), Miss Ball was feted in 1976 with a nostalgic  television tribute saluting the 25th anniversary of "I Love Lucy".
