Greek divers have plunged 162 feet  beneath the Aegean Sea and back into history, finding a treasure-laden  Turkish warship sunk by Greek revolutionaries in 1822.
A freighter carrying a cargo of  beer sank in the North Sea today off the Dutch coast and all nine crew  members were rescued from life rafts, a coast guard spokesman said.
Interior Minister Karl Blecha, like  Gratz a onetime protege of former Chancellor Bruno Kreisky, resigned Jan.19.
Blecha and Gratz have denied wrongdoing or aiding Udo Proksch, the prime  suspect in the sinking of the ship Lucona in the Indian Ocean.
An Argentine supply ship that ran  aground off Antarctica sank Tuesday in heavy seas and high winds, the  government said, and there was concern oil in its hold could leak and damage  the environment.
Two sailors were missing Monday  evening after a 652-foot freighter en route from Greece apparently sank in  rough seas 400 miles southeast of Cape Cod.
Twenty-three crew members were  rescued.
A yacht built for Adolf Hitler and  sunk with great fanfare to commemorate the ``Voyage of the Damned'' was  mistakenly dropped on a delicate coral reef in a shallow shipping lane,  officials said Tuesday.
A deep-sea inspection of the  Bismarck suggests that the most powerful battleship in Adolf Hitler's navy  was scuttled by its own crew rather than sunk by the British in a celebrated  battle, underwater explorer Robert D. Ballard said Thursday.
A Florida couple said their  pleasure boat was sunk by whales off Costa Rica and they survived 66 days at  sea by eating raw fish and drinking purified water, the U.S. BFN [Text] Buenos Aires, 23 May (NA)  -- Today, the Foreign Ministry said that control operations carried out by  the corvette Spiro against a Korean-flagged [as received] ship fishing  illegally in Argentine waters were carried out "in accordance with  international law and in coordination with the Foreign Ministry".
The Korean ship, which had been  fishing illegally in Argentine waters, was sunk by its own crew after  failing to answer to the Argentine ship's warnings.
Ferries are among the safest vessels afloat.
But, as the tragic sinking of the Estonia with  the loss of more than 800 lives demonstrates, when they do go down the toll  in human life can be high.
Five (small) ferries were lost last year,  according to Lloyd's Register.
But this figure pales into insignificance  compared with the 96 general cargo ships and 12 tankers which also went  down.
