America has the Pulitzer Prize for   fiction and the National Book Awards, but in terms of excitement, hoopla and   man-on-the-street interest, there's nothing akin to the 15,000-pound ($26,000)   Booker Prize.
The Booker Prize is   Britain's literary event of the year, guaranteed to boost sales of the chosen   novel after the award announcement Oct. 16, and dinner in London's ancient   Guildhall.
The Booker Prize is   sponsored by Booker, an international food and agriculture business, and   administered by The Book Trust.
The trust is a charity promoting reading and books and administers the   prize.
The prize was first awarded   in 1969 after talks between Booker and the Publishers' Association on the need   for a significant literary award to encourage and reward good writing.
British publishers can submit three   new novels by British and Commonwealth writers.
There were 110 submissions last year.
A management committee of authors, booksellers,   librarians and the sponsors chooses a jury of five: a writer or two, an   academic, a politician interested in literature and a literary editor or   critic.
Each juror reads every   book submitted, lists about six favorites and meets the other jurors to select   and announce six finalists.
As  public debate rages over who's in, who's out and who might win, with bookmakers   across the country calling the odds, the jurors meet again and finally select   the winner on the afternoon of announcement day.
The betting is done largely by literary insiders, says Graham   Sharpe, who sets the Booker odds at William Hill, Britain's other big betting   agency.
The Prize (courtesy of Booker   plc, the food and agri-business group) is no longer the richest literary award   but it guarantees great prestige, and sales, for the winner, and, say its   admirers, helpfully brings The Novel to public attention.
Its critics say that the autumn brouhaha distorts the   annual fiction industry and the intense media hype of the shortlisted authors   does a disservice to the hordes of other gifted but unlisted writers.
The Booker prize has, in its 26-year   history, always provoked controversy.
But this year's rows have been of a particularly fine vintage.
Indeed, there's currently talk of   initiating a similar prize with a similar purse for the year's best   biography.
Another notable   spinoff is the Booker harpies, readers intent on digesting all six titles, then   vigorously disputing the choices, which never please everyone.
The dominance of film and television has   made novels a more marginal form and perhaps they no longer attract the most   creative talents.
