Killer Storm Hits South Carolina   Coast Hurricane Hugo struck South Carolina   with renewed fury Thursday after thousands of coastal residents in southeastern   states grabbed what they could carry and fled inland on jammed highways.
The eye was about 10 miles across and   top winds were still at 135 mph.
Hugo was expected to turn gradually to the   north, causing severe flooding as it moved up the East Coast.
About 12,000 people had checked into   83 shelters across the state as of Thursday evening, and more were expected,   said Bennish Brown, a spokesman for the Emergency Operations Center in Columbia,   220 miles northwest of here.
Supercomputers, satellites and the   expertise of several hurricane forecasters predicted the destructive path   Hurricane Hugo would follow, giving people plenty of time to flee the South   Carolina coast.
Pinpointing the exact point of Hugo's   landfall was difficult, but forecasters said Friday that the landfall was   predicted in time for evacuation.
Residents took forecasters at their   word when they warned of Hurricane Hugo's fury, and the low number of deaths   from the powerful storm can be credited to this healthy respect, authorities   said.
The storm, which caused billions in   damage, claimed 17 lives in South Carolina, and only two were in the Charleston   area, which bore the brunt of Hugo's 135 mph winds.
``We just feel very thankful about   that,'' said Mayor Joseph P. Riley Jr.
Although claims adjusters are still   tallying the losses, there is now little doubt that overall damage to insured   property will far exceed the record $752.5 million in claims paid by the   industry after Hurricane Frederic struck Mississippi and Alabama in 1979,   Parsons said .
Mr. Ruoff at Fred S. James believes   that even if losses from Hugo total as much as $5 billion, insurers won't feel   enough "financial pain, such as not being able to pay shareholder dividends," to   compel them to boost premium rates right away.
As a way of repaying a kindness dating   to 1778, Kingston is raising money to help Charleston, S.C., recover.
After Kingston, then New York's   capital, was burned in October 1777 by the British, New York Gov.
George Clinton   received a letter from South Carolina Gov.
Abraham Livingston.
The letter included nearly 1,000 New   York pounds to help Kingston residents get through their crisis.
