In the aftermath of the California   earthquake, President Bush and his aides flew into a whirlwind of earthquake-  related activity yesterday morning.
Some of it was necessary to get federal help flowing to victims, but   some seemed designed mostly to project an image of a White House in action.
Mr. Bush and his aides were accused   of responding too slowly after the Exxon Valdez oil tanker split open in Alaskan   waters and Hurricane Hugo struck the Carolina coast, and they clearly don't want   a repeat of those charges now.
Gov.
George Deukmejian is right to call the Legislature into special session within   the next two weeks to deal with the effects of last Tuesday's Northern   California earthquake.
With Congress already moving to grant up to $3 billion in relief, earthquake victims   need to know that state officials are prepared to come up with the state's share   of disaster and reconstruction aid as soon as possible, and as soon as is   practical.
Most San Francisco-area   homeowners may have to pay for damage from Tuesday's earthquake out of their own   pockets, while insurance companies may reap long-term benefits from higher   rates, industry spokesmen and analysts said Wednesday.
The Association of California Insurance Cos. in   Sacramento said that in the San Francisco area roughly 25 to 30 percent of the   homes have earthquake insurance.
Insurance companies attempted Wednesday to assess the amount of quake-related   damages they're likely to have to pay.
Some estimated that insurers might face bills totaling $1 billion or   more from the quake.
But industry observers said they don't expect any company to suffer serious financial damage   from quake-related claims.
Getting a grip on the extent of the damages is proving a far more difficult task   than what insurers faced after Hurricane Hugo ripped through the Caribbean and   the Carolinas last month.
But investors are betting that the financial and psychological impact of the   earthquake, coming so soon after the hurricane, will help stem more than two   years of intense price-cutting wars among business insurers.
Indeed, the earthquake could contribute   to a turnaround in the insurance cycle in a couple of ways.
For example, insurers may seek to limit   their future exposure to catastrophes by increasing the amount of reinsurance   they buy.
Such increased demand   for reinsurance, along with the losses the reinsurers will bear from these two   disasters, are likely to spur increases in reinsurance prices that will later be   translated into an overall price rise.
