With no seats and no food for   the guests of honor, everyone agreed that lunch at Sardi's had gone to   the dogs.
Two dogs, to be specific, the   city's top police dog and the nation's top show dog.
The Dog Fanciers Club   organized the event Wednesday to honor Champion Great Elms Prince   Charming II, a fluffy little Pomeranian, and Nero, a big, amiable   bruiser of a German shepherd.
Marco, a feisty boxer owned   by Dov Amir, padded off with the champion's trophy after beating out   800 other pretty pooches in Israel's dog-of-the-year contest held in   Tel Aviv's Exhibition Center.
More than 2,500 dogs,   representing 138 breeds, will compete for prizes at Sunday's All Breed   Dog Show and Obedience Trials at the Los Angeles Sports Arena.
McFadden and his wife,   Taffe, run their dog handling business in Campbell and do it primarily   for the enjoyment and satisfaction it brings.
"And breeds such as poodles   have to be highly trimmed.
"; McFadden said he handles an average of 20   to 25 dogs at each show and works around 120 shows a year all over the   U.S. McFadden's latest product,   a Kerry blue terrier named Kerrageen's Hotspur, won the best of show   prize at the 81st Golden Gate Kennel Club Dog Show held Feb. 2-3 at the   Cow Palace in San Francisco.
It was the 37th best in   show win by Kerrageen's Hotspur, making him the top Kerry blue terrier   of all time.
ON A recent day, the   telephone rang in the home of William Wegman.
The photographer, known for   his hilarious portraits of his Weimaraners, picked up.
"Hello" .
In 1985, he got Fay Ray,   who is now a familiar face not only among artists but among children   who watch "Sesame Street.
"; As a breed, Weimaraners combine "a lap-dog   sensibility with a hunting capability," the artist said.
Go to court.
Such is the life of one   German short-haired pointer, a show dog bearing the name CH.
Robin Crest Lorien   Corniche.
The "CH".
in his name stands for   champion.
He has won 245 show awards   as Best of Breed and 19 awards as Best in Show.
In what is fast becoming a   pit-bull match, the one owner, Anthony Attalla, is suing the other two,   John and Rita Remondi, charging that they have been showing Cory even   though he is officially retired (as announced in Dog News).
For now, a judge's order   temporarily bars them from further shows.
