Former Sen. John Tower of   Texas and his daughter were among 23 people killed Friday when the   twin-engine commuter plane they were aboard crashed while trying to   land.
Tower, 63 and twice-divorced,   served 24 years in the Senate from Texas, including a tenure as   chairman of the Armed Services Committee from 1981 to 1984.
The Democratic-controlled   Senate today rejected the nomination of former Texas Sen. John Tower as   defense secretary, delivering a major rebuke to President Bush just 49   days into his term.
It was only the ninth time in   200 years that the Senate has voted to reject a president's Cabinet   choice and the only time it has done so early in a new   administration.
The Senate Armed Services   Committee has put the nomination of Tower, a former Texas senator and   onetime chairman of the committee, on hold while it takes a second look   at Tower's personal habits, including his use of alcohol, and his links   to defense contractors.
D. Dignan, who performed   surgery to remove a polyp from Tower's colon on Jan. 5, said that after   the operation he advised Tower to limit his drinking to one or two   glasses of wine with dinner .
He has been dogged by reports   that he is a hard-drinker and a womanizer and that his hawkish views on   defense do not square with the budgetary austerity that the Pentagon   faces .
Army Times, another prominent   defense community publication, says Tower is unsuited for the Defense   Department post because of his work as a consultant to defense   contractors shortly after leaving government service in 1986 .
Tower's relationships with   arms makers are central to reservations expressed by some senators   about his nomination.
Lawmakers from both parties   have said they are concerned that there would be a continuing   appearance of conflict of interest hanging over Tower because of his   employment by weapons firms, which brought him at least $760,000 in 2   1/2 years -- not including the more than $200,000 British Aerospace   paid him .
Tower not only shunned   withdrawal; he offered conditions that had to be humiliating, if only   the Senate would let him have the job.
Tower promised to quit   drinking, taking the pledge on national television.
Republicans proposed that he   get the job for a six-month trial and then return for reconfirmation, a   gimmick that would have changed the system and could have haunted the   presidency.
