Ousted East German leader Erich   Honecker, who is expected to be indicted for high treason, was arrested Monday   morning upon release from a hospital and taken to prison, the official news   agency ADN said.
The news agency   said the 77-year-old Honecker was arrested after being released from East   Berlin's Charite hospital, where he had undergone surgery for a malignant kidney   tumor.
Honecker, the aging hard-  line Stalinist leader who ruled East Germany for 18 years until his ouster on   Oct. 18, had previously been declared too ill to withstand imprisonment.
Honecker was immediately taken to East   Berlin's Rummelsburg prison, the brief dispatch said.
Honecker joins other members of his ousted Politburo already   in prison awaiting trial.
Earlier   this month, East German prosecutors said Honecker and former state security   chief Erich Mielke would be charged with treason and corruption charges for   misuse of their positions and state funds.
He is under investigation on allegations of abuse of power,   corruption, harboring terrorists and issuing shoot-to-kill orders to prevent   East Germans from escaping to West Germany when he served as the country's   leader.
Honecker, 78, was jailed   for one day in January.
Honecker   has been staying at a Soviet military hospital outside East Berlin.
A ranking member of Chancellor Helmut   Kohl's party demanded the Soviet Union hand over Erich Honecker, who is wanted   by German authorities on manslaughter charges, a newspaper reported on   Saturday.
Federal lawmaker Johannes   Gerster said refusal to turn over the deposed East German leader for trial could   ``burden'' Bonn and Moscow's ``outstanding relations,'' the Neue Osnabruecker   Zeitung newspaper reported.
Honecker has denied all charges against him, including that he was personally   responsible for the estimated 200 people who died trying to escape his   repressive government.
Mikhail Gorbachev urged all sides Tuesday to take their time in deciding the fate of   Erich Honecker, as the fugitive former East German leader spent a seventh day of   refuge inside the Chilean Embassy.
Last week Russia abruptly ordered Honecker to leave the country or   face expulsion.
BFN [Text] Berlin --   Erich Honecker, the former GDR head of state, died at his house in Santiago,   Chile on Sunday morning [29 May], according to his lawyer.
After being released from prison in 1993, Honecker had   traveled to Santiago to join his daughter, who is married to a Chilean.
Since then, he and his wife had been   living in a house in a wealthy Santiago area .
