Thunderstorms wreaked havoc across the   middle Mississippi Valley and the Southeast on Wednesday with lethal tornadoes,   wind up to 100 mph and hail up to the size of baseballs.
A powerful storm system brought strong winds and heavy   thunderstorms to the Northeast on Thursday, causing flooding and widespread   property damage.
The storm was   particularly violent because it occurred along a line of extreme variations in   temperature.
The storm churned   around a collision of record warm air and extremely cold air.
Cold weather was expected to invade the   Southeast, with warnings of freezing overnight temperatures posted for Friday   morning in Georgia, Alabama, northwest Florida, most of Mississippi and all but   extreme southeast Louisiana.
Altogether, the storms were blamed for at least 27 deaths and more than 500   injuries over the two days.
A severe thunderstorm in Illinois claimed one life and caused several million   dollars in damage.
Tornadoes were reported Wednesday in Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina, North   Carolina, Kentucky, Ohio and Indiana.
_Alabama: Seventeen people were killed in Huntsville on Wednesday   when a tornado touched down just before rush hour, causing major damage.
There were 463 injuries and about   1,000 people left homeless, authorities said.
State emergency management officials estimated the damage in excess   of $100 million in the agency's letter to President Bush requesting a disaster   declaration, said Terry Abbott, the governor's press secretary.
Most of the dead were in apartments and   stores that were torn into twisted wreckage, or in cars blown off the   pavement.
President Bush issued a   disaster declaration Friday morning to clear the way for tornado victims to   receive federal relief.
_Georgia: 19 people were injured, four critically, and at least 200 people were evacuated   Wednesday after a tornado struck two mobile home parks and an interstate highway   near Palmetto, about 25 miles southeast of Atlanta.
Hail stones as big as tennis balls fell near Huntingburg,   Ind., the weather service said.
There were reports of damage from strong thunderstorms and gusty winds in   eastern Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, eastern Pennsylvania and   eastern New York state.
Seven children died when a wall collapsed in a school cafeteria near Newburgh,   N.Y.
In New York City, a woman was killed by a 12-foot steel beam that apparently had blown off her apartment's   water tower.
_New Jersey: High winds and tornadoes were blamed for one death, at least four injuries and   widespread damage and power outages Thursday.
