In a dramatic finish, the San Francisco   49ers football team won the Super Bowl on Sunday with a 20-16 victory over the   Cincinnati Bengals.
President Bush   congratulated the San Francisco 49ers on Friday and said they ``rewrote the   record books'' with their Super Bowl victory.
The nation's two largest brewers, Anheuser Busch Cos. Inc. and   Miller Brewing Co., are gearing up to sell their beer with by staging mock   football games in television commercials in conjunction with Super Bowl XXIV in   New Orleans.
The San Francisco   49ers' 55-10 rout of the Denver Broncos was the lowest-rated Super Bowl in 21   years and the third-lowest ever.
The highest-rated Super Bowl was in 1982, when the 49ers' 26-21 victory over   Cincinnati got a 49.1 on CBS.
San Francisco quarterback Joe Montana made five touchdown passes, three to Jerry   Rice, breaking a Super Bowl record for touchdown passes on a day on which he   also set a record with 13 straight pass completions.
He also set five Super Bowl career records, including his   third Super Bowl Most Valuable Player award and San Francisco's point total was   the most ever.
In Tampa, Super Bowl XXV brought about the cancellation of what was the biggest annual event in   the city for 86 years: the Gasparilla Parade, an extravaganza that featured 500   of the city's most powerful men swaggering through the streets dressed as gun-  toting pirates.
But after Tampa was awarded the 1991 Super Bowl, a racial dispute erupted over the parade, which   always has been sponsored and organized by an all-white, all-male private club,   Ye Mystic Krewe of Gasparilla.
The Super Bowl Task Force had to scramble to put together a new parade, and   Carley became the co-chairman of that effort.
But perhaps most important, Carley said, several minority-  owned businesses have won lucrative contracts from the NFL for the game.
SUPER BOWL XXVI; Super Bowl XXVI   will be played Jan. 26, 1992, in the Metrodome.
It will be Minneapolis' first time as the host city.
One big change under the new law   limits business-entertainment deductions for tickets to sporting events like the   Super Bowl: Only 80% of the face value of such tickets can be deducted.
The tougher IRS rule, however, hasn't   slowed ticket demand; even end-zone seats are fetching $500 each.
The Los Angeles Sports Council, in a bid   to bring Super Bowl XXVII to the Rose Bowl in 1993, will offer the stadium to   the National Football League rent-free in a proposal next Monday .
