Thunderstorms wreaked havoc   across the middle Mississippi Valley and the Southeast on Wednesday   with lethal tornadoes, wind up to 100 mph and hail up to the size of   baseballs.
The thunderstorms developed   along and ahead of a strong cold front and swept eastward from Missouri   and Arkansas.
Unseasonably warm weather   continued in the East with afternoon readings in the 60s in New   England, and in the 80s over Florida, southern Texas and southern   Louisiana.
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. (AP) A tornado slammed into a   shopping district, a residential area and a school Wednesday, killing   at least 15 people, injuring more than 300 and trapping people in cars   and homes, authorities said.
Witnesses said the downtown   Jones Valley Elementary School, the Waterford Square and adjacent   Queensbury apartment complexes were reduced to rubble by the   tornado.
``It's total destruction where   the tornado hit.
In Georgia, five people were   injured, four critically, and at least 200 people evacuated after a   tornado struck two mobile home parks and an interstate highway near   Palmetto, about 25 miles southeast of Atlanta, authorities said.
A powerful storm system   brought strong winds and heavy thunderstorms to the Northeast on   Thursday, causing flooding and widespread property damage.
Seven children died when a   wall collapsed in a school cafeteria near Newburgh, N.Y. Tornadoes were reported in New   Jersey, Delaware, Virginia and New York, although the National Weather   Service was unable to confirm them.
The same storm system caused   tornadoes in seven states in the South and Midwest on Wednesday, and   was blamed for 17 deaths in Huntsville, Ala.
The storm was particularly   violent because it occurred along a line of extreme variations in   temperature.
There were reports of damage   from strong thunderstorms and gusty winds in eastern Virginia,   Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, eastern Pennsylvania and eastern New   York state.
By far the worst damage was   in Huntsville, where an estimated 1,000 people were left homeless and   National Guardsmen stood watch against looting Thursday.
In Alabama, Gov.
Guy Hunt   said he would ask President Bush to declare Huntsville a disaster area   to open the door to millions of dollars in federal relief.
Telephone communication and   electricity were disrupted by the tornadoes and WAAY-TV, the only   station still broadcasting, reported widespread damage .
The National Weather Service   said the tornado path had covered between eight and 10 miles and that   its wind speeds were as high as 250 mph.
