Much can be done to prevent heart   attacks, great improvements are being made in treatments, and recovery is faster   than ever before.
The usual cause   of heart attacks is a blockage of the coronary arteries, which supply the heart   muscle with oxygen-rich blood.
The   blockage arises from the buildup of fats, cholesterol and clotted blood.
Doctors from the University of   Michigan Medical Center studied the effects of sending a few carefully selected   heart patients home early.
Topol   said the early discharges were made possible by two recent medical advances _   tissue plasminogen activator, or TPA, and angioplasty.
When given quickly after a heart attack, TPA can   dissolve clots in the heart's arteries and minimize damage.
Angioplasty can produce similar results   by opening up the clogged arteries with tiny balloons.
Calcium blockers are among several classes of medicines   commonly prescribed to relieve high blood pressure.
Diltiazem is a calcium entry blocker, the newest class of   drugs to be introduced in the fight against heart disease.
The study, conducted in Denmark, found   that the drug Verapamil, known as a calcium channel blocker, was effective for   the 1 years after a heart attack.
A study of more than 22,000 male doctors had shown that taking a single aspirin   every other day could cut heart attack risk in half.
Aspirin interferes with aspects of the clotting process,   helping to prevent clot formation in the first place.
Nitrates and beta blockers are the other types commonly   prescribed by doctors.
A natural substance called transforming growth factor beta appears to be able to limit   damage to cardiac cells following a heart attack, according to a study published   in the journal Science.
Lefer said the TGF beta seems to block the action of other substances, such as tumor   necrosis factor, that can cause blood vessels to narrow following a heart   attack.
NEW YORK -- An experiment with more   than 1,700 high blood pressure patients showed that a blood and urine test can   pinpoint those patients most likely to have a heart attack.
The blood portion of the test determines whether the kidneys are   releasing renin into the blood stream and how active the chemical is.
The urine portion of the test tells how much salt is   in the bloodstream.
Early next   year, the American Heart Association seal of approval will begin appearing on   foods that are low in fat and cholesterol and therefore can help reduce heart   disease risk.
