Deaths from heart and blood vessel   disease dropped 24 percent over the past decade, but it remains by far the   nation's biggest killer, taking a life every 32 seconds, the American Heart   Association said Sunday.
New treatments that stop a heart attack   in its tracks may help victims to get out of the hospital more quickly than ever   before, perhaps even three days after their attacks, a study published today   concludes.
Topol said the early discharges were   made possible by two recent medical advances _ tissue plasminogen activator, or   TPA, and angioplasty.
A study of more than 22,000 male   doctors had shown that taking a single aspirin every other day could cut heart   attack risk in half.
An intestinal operation to lower the   cholesterol of heart attack patients reduced their risk for another heart attack   or death from heart disease, researchers said today.
NEW YORK -- An experiment with more than 1,700 high   blood pressure patients showed that a blood and urine test can pinpoint those   patients most likely to have a heart attack.
The expensive practice of using balloon   catheters to force open heart arteries immediately after heart attacks, now   routinely done at many large hospitals, is unnecessary and should be abandoned,   according to a major study released Tuesday.
The study found that if heart attack   victims quickly receive clot-dissolving drugs, they usually don't need the extra   step of the common balloon procedure, known as angioplasty.
While calcium blockers may not replace   beta blockers after heart attacks, the researchers said these drugs still should   have a role in treatment.
Calcium blockers are among several   classes of medicines commonly prescribed to relieve high blood pressure.
A natural substance called transforming   growth factor beta appears to be able to limit damage to cardiac cells following   a heart attack, according to a study published in the journal Science.
Topol said the early discharges were   made possible by two recent medical advances _ tissue plasminogen activator, or   TPA, and angioplasty.
The researchers estimated that if 15   percent of all heart attack patients were discharged after three days, the   annual saving would be at least $280 million.
In July, Stanford University doctors   found that workers who went back to their jobs about seven weeks after their   heart attacks did at least as well as workers who went back after a more typical   convalescence of about 10 or 11 weeks.
However, Weisfeldt, who is president-  elect of the heart association, also cautioned that much work remains, both in   improving care and encouraging people to take better care of their health.
