A violent earthquake rocked Northern   California during Tuesday evening's rush hour, caving in a section of the San   Francisco Bay Bridge, terrifying World Series fans in Candlestick Park and   shaking buildings as far as 200 miles away.
The quake, which lasted about 15 seconds, measured 6.5 on the   Richter scale, according to seismologists at the California Institute of   Technology in Pasadena.
It was centered near Hollister, 80 miles southeast of San Francisco in San Benito   County.
Televised footage of the   bridge showed that a 30-foot section of the span's upper deck had collapsed onto   the bottom level.
CBS-TV reported   one person had been killed on the bridge.
There were no other immediate confirmed reports of deaths or   injuries, but ABC-TV and CNN both said some people were injured at Candlestick,   where the game was canceled and fans were evacuated.
Buildings in San Francisco swayed several feet.
In the city's high- towers, a few broken   windows and other cosmetic damage could be seen.
But most buildings, including the landmark Transamerica   Pyramid, were not touched .
"The buildings that collapsed did so because of a combination of two things: very   poor soil and very poor structural design," said Peter I. Yanev, chairman of EQE   Engineering Inc., a structural engineering firm in San Francisco.
Tuesday's earthquake, the strongest on the   San Andreas fault since the San Francisco quake on April 18, 1906, came in a   place that had been identified by scientists just last year as the most likely   spot for a major jolt in Northern California within the next 30 years .
The San Francisco earthquake of 1906,   which occurred before the Richter scale was devised, has been estimated at 8.3   on the Richter scale .
Geological   Survey, in a 1988 report on regions of high earthquake probability in   California, said there was a 30% chance of another 6.5-magnitude earthquake in   the immediate vicinity by the year 2018 .
The report cited even higher probabilities for major temblors on the   San Andreas near Parkfield in central California and Coachella in Southern   California in the same period, but it pinpointed the Santa Cruz mountains as the   most vulnerable spot in Northern California, in part because the area marked the   southernmost point of maximum ground slippage during the 1906 earthquake .
President Bush directed $273 million   in immediate aid for quake victims and said he would visit the area Friday or   Saturday.
