July 17: Iraqi President Saddam Hussein   accuses Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates of flooding the oil market and   driving prices down .
Defense Department announces that Navy   warships and aircraft are holding a "short-notice exercise" in the Persian Gulf   with the United Arab Emirates, about 600 miles southeast of the Kuwait-Iraqi   border.
July 26: OPEC ministers in Geneva   agree to halt overproduction in hopes of pushing up the price of crude oil.
Map, IRAQI INVASION OF KUWAIT: Iraqi   troops and tanks swept into Kuwait late Wednesday night and within hours had   taken control of Kuwait City, the capital and only sizable town.
THE FORCES: Iraq, a country of more   than 17 million, has the Arab world's most battle-trained army, and had massed   more than 100,000 soldiers on the Kuwaiti border.
Kuwait, an oil-rich city-state, has   1.9 million residents _ 60 percent foreigners _ and an army of 20,300   soldiers.
``The Iraqi government firmly believes   and states that Iraq is pursuing no goal or objective and wishes only cordial   relations with Kuwait.
_ Mohammad Abulhasan, Kuwait's   ambassador to the United Nations .
``The pretext to invade an   independent, sovereign state is a false, flimsy pretext.
Kuwait's Sheik Saad al-Abdullah al-  Sabah fled to safety in Saudi Arabia.
Kuwait's U.S. ambassador said the   nation had asked for American military intervention.
_ President Bush, who said his   advisers would ``consider all possible options available to us.''
Security Council overwhelming approved   sweeping trade and military sanctions against Iraq to punish it for invading the   emirate .
The United States has warned Iraq   against any attack on Saudi Arabia, and President Bush has said all options are   open for the United States .
Iranian editorial writers are rejoicing   now that the world is waking up to one of their most hated bogeymen: Iraqi   President Saddam Hussein.
He warned his nation's 17 million   people to be on alert for possible U.S. or Israeli attacks.
Thousands of Westerners have been   stranded in Kuwait and Iraq since Iraq invaded Kuwait on Thursday.
In addition, a Kuwaiti businessman   said about 1,000 people a day were fleeing Kuwait through the desert to Saudi   Arabia.
Wholesale oil prices soared to five-  year highs in New York on Monday.
Invading Iraqis have been permitted to   take over the homes and even wear the clothes of Kuwaitis who have been killed   or have fled their homeland, Kuwait's ambassador to the United States charged   Tuesday .
