The initial explosions on Mount   Pinatubo at 8:51 a.m. Wednesday sent a 10-mile-high mushroom cloud of swirling   ash and rock fragments into the skies over Clark Air Base, forcing the Air Force   to evacuate hundreds of American volunteers who had stayed behind to guard it   and to tend sensitive communications equipment.
Most of the 16,000 Americans who   live and work at Clark were evacuated Monday, when scientists said it was clear   that the volcano, dormant for more than six centuries, was returning to   life.
Also in peril are the 350,000   residents of Angeles City, where the air base is located, about 50 miles north   of Manila.
Philippine civil defense officials   said that they have evacuated 19,369 people from villages within a 12-mile   radius of the volcano by late Wednesday.
The decision to evacuate one of the   largest overseas U.S. military bases was made early today after searing gases,   ash and rock shot out of 4,795-foot Mount Pinatubo on Sunday at speeds of up to   60 mph .
The volcano, about 10 miles west of   the air base, came to life last week after six centuries of dormancy.
Gases, ash and molten rock continued   to pour out of the mountain today, enshrouding it in thick, gray clouds of ash   and steam that rose 12,000 feet.
Areas around the 4,452-foot volcano   covered by evacuation warnings were expanded to protect people against possible   slides of volcanic debris that could be triggered by the rain, police said.
Mount Pinatubo, which last had a   major eruption in 1n 1380, began to show signs of activity in April.
Three major new eruptions rocked   Mount Pinatubo late Wednesday night and early today, forcing another emergency   evacuation of Clark Air Base and increasing fears of even more violent   explosions from the long-dormant volcano in the days ahead.
The Americans who fled Clark with a   few belongings Monday moved in with sailors and their families at Subic Bay   naval base, 50 miles to the southwest.
The U.S. military began flying home   hundreds of the 28,000 Americans who crowded onto Subic Bay Naval Base as a   bizarre tropical blizzard of thick volcanic ash caused power failures across the   base Friday during a third day of increasingly violent eruptions of Mount   Pinatubo.
At least four people have died, 24   have been hurt and four have been listed as missing since Pinatubo began   erupting Sunday, after lying dormant for six centuries, officials said.
