Police said a drifter   identified as Patrick Edward Purdy, 26, armed with two handguns and an   AK-47 assault rifle, entered the school grounds around noontime Tuesday   and fired about 60 rounds before he shot himself to death.
Within hours of the schoolyard   shootings that left five children and the gunman dead and 30 wounded   Tuesday, dozens of translators rushed to assist the many Southeast   Asian parents who arrived at the hospital desperate for word of their   youngsters.
In recent years, thousands of   Southeast Asians have settled in Stockton, drawn in part by the farming   and fishing that flourish in the area.
All of the dead children were   from refugee families, as were 19 of the 29 wounded.
The word ``victory'' was   written on the pistol handle.
Father, a Lodi, Calif., taxi   company employee, was struck and killed by car in September 1981.
CHILDHOOD: Described by aunt   as child alcoholic and loner.
EDUCATION: Records indicate a   Patrick Edward Purdy attended Cleveland Elementary School, scene of   Tuesday's shooting, through third grade, from 1969 to 1973.
Dropped out of high   school.
EMPLOYMENT: Began drifting 10   years ago, crisscrossing country in search of work.
Twice tried to kill himself   while in police custody in El Dorado County in April 1987, after he and   half-brother fired at trees near Lake Tahoe with a semi-automatic   pistol.
When arrested, was carrying a   book about the white supremicist group Aryan Nations.
A South Carolina school where   a gunman killed two 8-year-old girls Sept. 26 will send cards and offer   words of encouragement to a California school that lost five pupils in   a shooting rampage.
Parents and teachers   continued counseling the children who witnessed Tuesday's schoolyard   slayings, trying to help them deal with the tragedy.
When school officials called   clergy to console grieving families, Buddhist priests in sandals and   saffron robes arrived along with their white-collared Christian   counterparts.
Gov.
George Deukmejian was to   attend Monday's services.
Kim Ly, 40, a Cambodian   refugee from Ohio who recognized his son's face among televised   pictures of children slain in the mass shooting spree, met for the   first time since 1979 with family members grieving for his son .
The state-supported agency   will provide up to $2,800 for each funeral and up to $46,000 for   hospital and counseling expenses for victims and relatives, said Diane   Beatrice, a spokeswoman for the county district attorney's office .
