Weighing 8 pounds and standing   13 inches tall, Oscar was created by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studios art   director Cedric Gibbons, who went on to win 11 of the trophies.
The Academy holds all the   rights on the statue and ``reserves the right to buy back an Oscar   before someone takes it to a pawn shop,'' said Academy spokesman Bob   Werden.
``Ben-Hur'' in 1959 was the   most-awarded film with 11, and Walt Disney was the most-awarded person   with 32 .
Oscar's 60-year history is   filled with examples of the film world's highest achievers being   overlooked by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
The latest casualties are   directors James L. Brooks, whose movie ``Broadcast News'' was nominated   though he wasn't, and Spielberg who was left out in the cold with his   ``Empire of the Sun''.
In a lecture and question-and-  answer session Monday, Lee shrugged off the academy's icy treatment of   his latest movie, ``Do the Right Thing,'' and blamed it on generational   politics.
Oscar selection has come   under scrutiny as film studios go to new lengths to pull votes out of   the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
On average, a best picture   award is worth about $20 million these days.
A $500,000 Oscar promotional   campaign mounted by a studio, therefore, can be a good investment.
The Oscar statuette, one of   the most recognizable images in the entertainment world, has no   copyright protection, a federal judge has ruled.
The decision was a setback   for the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, which had sued a   Chicago-based manufacturer of an employee-incentive trophy similar to   the Oscar.
Spike Lee may have been   wearing a Georgetown University cap and sweatshirt, but he got a far   warmer reception from Syracuse University students than he did from   Academy Award voters.
Asked if racism might have   been involved in the academy nominations, Lee replied, ``Racism's   involved in everything''.
Well, it did turn out to be   "Rain Man's" evening, but not until the last few minutes, and if there   was a message in Wednesday night's Academy Awards results, it's that   parity has returned to Hollywood .
As it was, 10 different   movies split 17 awards, the most winners for one year in this decade   .
