The strike in Jastrzebie,   about 275 miles southwest of Warsaw, comes on the eighth anniversary of   the founding of the outlawed trade federation.
The strikes mark the eighth   anniversary of the birth of the Solidarity, which Communist authorities   crushed in a 1981 military crackdown.
Five strikes in Poland from   April 25 to May 10, and brief stoppages or strike threats in 25 more   work places, constituted the worst labor unrest in the country since the   1981 martial-law crackdown.
More than 10,000 coal miners   in four states were off the job today to express sympathy for miners in   Virginia and West Virginia who have waged a bitter strike since April   against the Pittston Coal Group.
President Mikhail S. Gorbachev   said today that thousands of striking coal miners and other workers are   urging railway employees to join the work stoppage and that the unrest   threatens his economic reforms.
The miners are demanding more   local control over their industry as well as higher wages and better   living conditions.
Soviet Miners' Strikes Spread to   Four New Areas Coal miners in Siberia ended   their strike today after exacting promises of better food, housing and   working conditions, but the wave of unrest they launched continued in   other key coal regions.
The labor unrest is the Soviet   Union's worst in six decades.
The coal industry employs more   than 1 million workers.
Until Gorbachev rose to power   in 1985, strikes were not tolerated .
Coal miners in the northern   region and the Ukraine struck for two weeks this summer but returned to   work in July after parliament passed a resolution promising reforms,   including improved social and economic conditions.
The miners say the government   has renedged on its promises.
WORKERS AT KGHM, Poland's copper   producing combine went on strike yesterday as coal mining unions staged   token stoppages in a third of the country's pits in a major challenge to   the government's economic policies.
COALMINERS from Romania's Jiu   Valley, who spearheaded violent anti-reform rampages through Bucharest   in 1990 and 1991, are once again out on strike, pressing the government   for higher wages.
The 1989 strike, which   involved more than 500,000 miners, made only economic demands.
This time, Shushpanov said,   the miners also want three major political concessions.
Black Miners In South Africa   Set Strike Date --- Gold and Coal Workers Seek Better Pay and Benefits;   Firms Build Stockpiles --- A Wall Street Journal News Roundup
