Robert Maxwell,   the flamboyant billionaire who built a global publishing   empire, was found dead Tuesday in waters off the Canary   Islands, where he had been vacationing on his yacht.
Maxwell's death   ended the reign of a contentious media baron who battled   unions, barked out orders in eight languages and bullied   editors as he built a $2 billion media conglomerate.
His death   prompted immediate concern in British financial circles   about the future of his debt-laden empire and in New York   about the future of the Daily News, one of the nation's   largest metropolitan papers.
ABOUT 20 banks became   concerned last summer at the behaviour of businesses run by   Robert Maxwell several months before he died and his   business empire collapsed.
Yet although some   banks became alarmed at the implications for the financial   health of his empire, they did not discuss their concerns   with each other or with authorities such as the Bank of   England.
DOCUMENTS which show   for the first time that both Mr Robert Maxwell and his son   Kevin were intimately involved in substantial purchases of   shares in Maxwell Communication Corporation, one of their   own public companies, have been obtained by the Financial   Times.
Kevin Maxwell   has been linked to transactions of a pension fund   management firm at the center of the controversy over the   missing money, investigators say.
He and brother   Ian are under court order to disclose by next week what   they know about the affairs of Bishopsgate Investment   Management Ltd., one of about 40 companies controlled by   their father.
Sir Nicholas Lyell   QC, the attorney-general, will attempt to stop the curtain   rising on Maxwell: The Musical, the West End show   chronicling the life and times of the late Robert   Maxwell.
Fears that the   musical might prejudice the criminal trial of the late   publisher's sons, Kevin and Ian, have prompted Sir Nicholas   to apply to the High Court on Monday for an injunction to   halt the production.
Two writs have been   filed alleging that Goldman Sachs, the US-based investment   bank, assisted in diverting Pounds 55m from two pension   schemes controlled by Robert Maxwell to ensure its own   debts from Maxwell interests would be repaid.
Goldman said it had   'received no money or other benefit from these transactions   other than its brokerage commissions of Pounds 110,000   which were substantially less than the amount of the   applicable stamp duties paid to the Inland Revenue of   Pounds 215,000' .
