Friendly, Hostile Countries Send Aid To   Iran The earthquake that devastated Iran   early Thursday took tens of thousands of lives because people were asleep in   fragile homes built on flood plains, an earthquake expert said.
Needham said most structures in that   area are built of a ceramic-type brick or adobe that collapses easily.
The shock wave traveled through the   mountainous section of coastal Iran where most of the buildings are built on a   flood plain of loosely deposited soil that shifts in an earthquake and allows   structures to collapse, he said.
The 7.7-magnitude quake was the   largest ever recorded in that area, where two major plates of the earth's crust   meet, Needhams said.
The estimated 50,000 dead in the Iran   earthquake make it the world's fourth deadliest quake in the past half-  century.
Iranian officials have said they would   welcome aid from all countries except Israel and South Africa.
Also on Saturday, aid continued to   pour into Iran from other parts of the world.
The United States sent a message of   condolence and expressed its willingness to provide humanitarian aid.
A Soviet Red Cross official said a   plane left Moscow carrying relief aid, nine doctors and rescue workers.
A 205-member French relief team   arrived Friday night, according to Iran's official Islamic Republic News Agency   (IRNA).
West Germany said it was sending 200   tents and 3,200 blankets, to be followed by 100 tons of similar supplies.
Jordan and Kuwait also said they are   sending planeloads of relief aid.
The European Community has granted   $1.2 million in emergency aid, and Japan is reportedly sending between $500,000   and $1 million in cash as well as a 22-member medical and rescue squad .
Pope John Paul II was "very saddened"   by the earthquake and has donated personal funds to help victims of the   disaster, the Vatican said .
Other assistance reportedly was due   from Holland, Turkey, Greece, Pakistan, Belgium, Finland, India, Bangladesh,   Yugoslavia, Sri Lanka, Kuwait and several other nations .
Writer Salman Rushdie, who has been   sentenced to die by Iranian zealots, has donated $8,600 to victims of last   week's devastating earthquake in Iran.
Iran is deliberately underreporting   the number of casualties from Thursday's massive earthquake out of fear of a   political backlash, leaders of a group seeking to overthrow the country's   Islamic leadership say.
An anti-American newspaper in Iran said   Sunday the United States is partly to blame for the death of tens of thousands   of people in last week's earthquake.
