Jim Hage, a lawyer from Lanham, Md.,   who had never won a major marathon, pulled away from two-time champion Brad   Ingram in the last half mile to win in 2:21:58 .
Television watchers of the 19th annual   New York City Marathon followed the step-by-step progress Sunday of the leaders,   but many spectators on the course scanned the thousands of runners for a familar   face.
FT 08 AUG 92 / The Barcelona Olympics: Marathon a   'sell-out to commercialism' - Tomorrow's runners face daunting heat and a wicked   finish, just for TV ratings The winner of the London marathon earns a tidy   Dollars 50,000 and the New York, Boston and Japanese runs are all in the same   prize-winning category.
But the Olympic marathon is an exception: the only   top-level marathon that carries no prize money.
Try to think of Sunday's Los Angeles   Marathon less as a "happening," which it surely is; or a world-class athletic   event, which it may become but is not now .
Look at it more as a moving advertising   opportunity, human billboards running 26.2 miles through the city on live   television .
An audience of perhaps a million and   a half or more will line the route, drawn in part by advertisements on 75   million Coca-Cola cans and 2,500 billboards around the Los Angeles area.
SAN DIEGO MARATHON: MARTINEZ, SMITH,   RELATIVELY NEW TO LONG-DISTANCE RUNNING, CHRISTEN A NEW COURSE WITH VICTORIES   .
EARLY SPEED MAY TURN BOSTON MARATHON   INTO RACE OF ATTRITION The last three Boston marathons have   turned into reckless speed duels.
Berlin's race (Sept. 27, 1992) has grown with the demise   of the wall.
The Tel Aviv Marathon course went   past houses hit by Scud missiles during the Gulf War.
The Belgrade Marathon was held   despite Yugoslavia's turmoil.
The Munich course is the same as the   1972 Olympic route and finishes in the same stadium.
Most top-ranked U.S. women are   looking for any summer-time marathon in which to run and the San Francisco   version offers excellent conditions.
The hills of San Francisco make this   marathon challenging.
With their careers and financial prospects in mind,   top-level runners normally only run two marathons a year.
As Brace says, when you have only two pay-days out   of 365, you choose, plan and train for them with great care.
London, the most popular European   city to visit, holds the world's largest marathon (April 12 next year).
