Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev   was said to be back in power today and returning to Moscow as the coup against   him collapsed and its leaders reportedly fled.
Outside the Russian parliament, which served as the   headquarters for resistance to the coup led by Boris Yeltsin, rejoicing crowds   cheered and waved flags as the three-day-old coup ended.
The junta had seemed unable to cope with tens of   thousands of people who erected barricades around Yeltsin's stronghold in the   parliament.
They thought the   issue was Mikhail Gorbachev, and apparently believed that by neutralizing   Gorbachev and threatening everyone else, they could quickly take charge of the   country.
But the people of the   Soviet Union apparently concluded that the real issue was not Gorbachev himself,   but the new political culture of freedom and even democracy that his reforms had   created.
(check) The leaders of   the national legislature demanded Gorbachev's reinstatement.
With the coup's demise, the Communist   Party moved to salvage its own credibility.
The party renounced any connection with the coup leaders.
Despite his display of anger, the   Soviet president said the failure of the coup could ultimately help ensure the   continuation of his reforms.
The   coup's failure could deal a fatal blow to organized, high-level efforts to   thwart reform drives in the Soviet Union by Gorbachev and Yeltsin and   significantly alter the balance of power that has characterized Soviet power for   the six-year Gorbachev era.
With the old order of Bolshevik power and ideology in ruins, Soviet leader Mikhail   Gorbachev demanded the resignation Friday of his entire government and Russian   President Boris Yeltsin shut down Communist Party organizations throughout the   vast republic.
Yeltsin appeared today to be acting at least as an equal with Gorbachev, and the two clearly   agreed on the replacement of old-guard officials by new reformers.
In fact, the two leaders reached an   agreement that permits each man to assume the other's duties in an emergency,   such as another coup attempt.
Yeltsin, the triumphant leader of the resistance against this week's military   coup, has drastically tipped the balance of power here, showing himself to be at   least the political equal, if not the master, of Gorbachev.
In a joint appearance with Gorbachev in the Russian   parliament, broadcast live on Soviet television, Yeltsin made it clear that the   Soviet president can maintain a semblance of authority only if he agrees to   share power and intensify the march toward a democratic political system and a   market economy.
