Lucille Ball, the leggy showgirl, model   and B-grade movie queen whose pumpkin-colored hair and genius for comedy made   her an icon of television's early years, died early today, a week after   undergoing emergency heart surgery.
She was 77 .
Miss Ball died of a ruptured aorta at   Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles Wednesday morning, hospital officials   said.
Miss Ball was born Aug. 6, 1911, in   Jamestown, N.Y., the daughter of an electrician and a concert pianist.
It turned out to be one of Sam   Goldwyn's finest and most prophetic hours when he signed her as one of his   Goldwyn Girls to appear in "Roman Scandals" with Eddie Cantor in 1933.
In all, she appeared in more than 75   movies.
Miss Ball and her late former husband,   Desi Arnaz, starred in ``I Love Lucy'' from 1951 to 1957 and have been seen   since in widely syndicated reruns.
She and Arnaz established one of TV's   first major independent studios .
Despite riches and two children, Lucie   and Desi Jr., their marriage foundered, and the couple divorced in 1960.
In 1961, Miss Ball married nightclub   comic Gary Morton, who became her executive producer, and remained on TV for 12   more years in the weekly ``Here's Lucy'' and ``The Lucy Show''.
Meanwhile, Arnaz and Miss Ball had   sold their "I Love Lucy" films to CBS for $6 million and she bought her ex-  husband's interest in Desilu, becoming in effect, the first woman to head a   major studio.
Presidents, famous actors, television   executives, neighbors and tourists all had their memories.
They all said they loved Lucy, and   they'll miss her .
The actor who played Little Ricky on   the ``I Love Lucy'' show said Wednesday he spent more time with Lucille Ball   than he did with his own family in the five years he played the comedian's TV   son.
Actor Gale Gordon, a sidekick of   Lucille Ball from radio days who appeared with her in three television series,   recalled on Wednesday how the comedian never thought of herself as particularly   funny.
Thousands of Lucille Ball's fans shed   tears for the woman who made them laugh, as three cities held memorial services   in which the redheaded comedian was remembered with prayers and applause.
``Bob Hope's Love Affair With Lucy''   will include clips from their movies and TV appearances, plus such guest stars   as Betty White, George Burns and Danny Thomas.
