The Senate Foreign Relations  Committee today endorsed the nomination of Michigan Republican activist  Peter F. Secchia as ambassador to Italy, but the panel's chairman said he  feared Secchia might ``embarrass the United States'' because of his  ``penchant for making gross remarks''.
Gildenhorn, according to Senate  sources, is one of several Bush ambassadorial nominees who have been rated  ``unqualified'' by the American Academy of Diplomacy, an organization  composed of former high ranking diplomats, including all living former  secretaries of state.
Other ambassadorial nominees rated  as unqualified by the American Academy of Diplomacy include Florida real  estate developer Joseph Zappala, nominated as ambassador to Spain; Melvin L.  Sembler, a real estate executive in Florida named to be ambassador to  Australia; and Della M. Newman, a Seattle, Wash., real estate broker named  to be ambassador to New Zealand.
Ronald I. Spiers, a veteran U.S.  diplomat, will be the new undersecretary-general for General Assembly  affairs, the top-ranking American post at the world body, U.N. officials  said Tuesday.
Hinton, currently ambassador to  Costa Rica, replaces Ambassador Arthur H. Davis, who was recalled by Bush in  protest of what the administration considered the stealing of the Panamanian  elections last May by Gen. Manuel Antonio Noriega.
The Bush administration is expected  to name career diplomat Harry Shlaudeman as the first U.S. ambassador to  Nicaragua in almost two years, a U.S. official says.
The administration had planned to  send another career diplomat, Melissa Wells, to Managua but had a change of  heart after concluding she might face a prolonged Senate confirmation fight  because she has been a target of conservatives.
The choice is James R. Lilley, a  career intelligence officer who served as CIA station chief in China when  Bush headed the U.S. liaison office there in 1974-75 .
President Bush has decided to  nominate John D. Negroponte, a veteran diplomat who helped direct U.S. aid  to Nicaraguan rebels, to the key position of ambassador to Mexico,  Administration officials said Thursday .
It also approved the nominations  of Thomas Melady to be ambassador to the Vatican, William Howard Taft IV to  be the permanent U.S. representative on the Council of the North Atlantic  Treaty Organization, Keith L. Brown to be ambassador to Denmark, and Joseph  Gildenhorn, a Washington lawyer and real estate developer, to be ambassador  to Switzerland .
WASHINGTON -- President Bush plans to name  United Nations Ambassador Thomas Pickering as U.S. envoy to India, and  appoint the current head of the foreign service to succeed him.
