Greek divers have plunged 162 feet   beneath the Aegean Sea and back into history, finding a treasure-laden Turkish   warship sunk by Greek revolutionaries in 1822.
A freighter carrying a cargo of beer   sank in the North Sea today off the Dutch coast and all nine crew members were   rescued from life rafts, a coast guard spokesman said.
The ship sank at about 12:45 p.m. in   high winds, some 28 nautical miles north of the island of Ameland.
Leopold Gratz, the president of   Parliament and one of the most powerful politicians in the Socialist Party,   resigned today over a scandal surrounding the mysterious sinking of a ship 12   years ago.
The Lucona's cargo was officially   described by Proksch as for a uranium processing plant and insured for $16   million.
The insurance company has never   paid,claiming the cargo was only scrap metal and alleging the vessel was   intentionally sunk to collect the insurance money.
An Argentine supply ship that ran   aground off Antarctica sank Tuesday in heavy seas and high winds, the government   said, and there was concern oil in its hold could leak and damage the   environment.
Two sailors were missing Monday   evening after a 652-foot freighter en route from Greece apparently sank in rough   seas 400 miles southeast of Cape Cod.
A yacht built for Adolf Hitler and sunk   with great fanfare to commemorate the ``Voyage of the Damned'' was mistakenly   dropped on a delicate coral reef in a shallow shipping lane, officials said   Tuesday.
A deep-sea inspection of the Bismarck   suggests that the most powerful battleship in Adolf Hitler's navy was scuttled   by its own crew rather than sunk by the British in a celebrated battle,   underwater explorer Robert D. Ballard said Thursday.
During a 90-minute news conference,   Ballard described how he his ocean-crawling robot located the Bismarck ``sitting   upright and proud'' two weeks ago.
A Florida couple said their pleasure   boat was sunk by whales off Costa Rica and they survived 66 days at sea by   eating raw fish and drinking purified water, the U.S.
The Korean ship, which had been fishing   illegally in Argentine waters, was sunk by its own crew after failing to answer   to the Argentine ship's warnings.
Ferries are among the safest vessels afloat.
But, as the tragic sinking of the Estonia with the   loss of more than 800 lives demonstrates, when they do go down the toll in human   life can be high.
