Discovery's five astronauts   returned Sunday for a second attempt to launch the shuttle with NASA's   most valuable and celebrated payload, the $1.5 billion Hubble Space   Telescope.
The telescope was supposed to   be launched in 1983, but technical problems and the Challenger accident   delayed its deployment.
A faulty power unit forced   the first launch attempt to be scrubbed four minutes before liftoff   April 10.
Commander Loren J. Shriver,   45; co-pilot Charles F. Bolden, 43; Steven A. Hawley, 38; Bruce   McCandless, 52, and Kathryn D. Sullivan, 38, plan to launch the   telescope Wednesday.
The telescope, named for the   late astronomer Edwin P. Hubble, will enable astronomers over its 15-  year working lifetime to look back 14 billion years and possibly   determine the age of the universe.
Scientists have hailed the   Hubble _ NASA's most expensive unmanned spacecraft _ as the greatest   advance in astronomy since Galileo raised a small telescope to his eyes   nearly 400 years ago.
NASA expects to launch   Columbia with an astronomical observatory called Astro no earlier than   May 16, one week later than planned because of Discovery's two-week   delay.
Discovery was aiming for an   altitude of 380 miles, the highest a shuttle has ever gone, so the   telescope can be placed in its proper orbit far above Earth's   distorting atmosphere.
Veteran spacewalkers Bruce   McCandless II and Kathryn Sullivan will assist if a problem   develops.
Discovery will follow Hubble   from 40 miles away for two days until after its lens cap is opened,   exposing the finely polished 94.5-inch mirror to starlight.
However, NASA said it will   release its first image _ an open star cluster in the constellation   Carina _ a week after launch.
NASA estimates it will cost   $200 million a year to operate and maintain the telescope in space.
Less than five hours after it   rode into space aboard the shuttle Discovery on Tuesday, the $1.5   billion telescope sent its first test radio signal.
Data will follow in a month or   two.
Hubble was taken off shuttle   electrical power just before it was lifted out of the cargo bay and was   operating on its own nickel-hydrogen batteries.
Mission specialist Steven   Hawley released Hubble from the end of the shuttle's 50-foot-long   mechanical arm after a delay in getting one of the telescope's solar   wings unfurled.
Ground controllers at the   Goddard Space Flight Center finally made contact today with the two   main antennas on the $1.5 billion Hubble Space Telescope after trying   for more than six hours to lock on.
