Port workers in Szczecin, Poland and southwestern coal miners declared sympathy strikes   with miners demanding the legalization of Solidarity according to opposition activists.  A   local prosecutor declared the strike illegal.  In support of 3000 colleagues striking for a   second day at a mine in Jastrzebie, workers at a nearby mine refused to take up their tools   and launched their own strike.  The strikes mark the eighth anniversary of the birth of   Solidarity, which Communist authorities crushed in a 1981 military crackdown.  Miners   are demanding the legalization of Solidarity, pay raises and reinstatement of workers   fired for union activities. More than 4,000 workers at a coal mine in Jastrzebie, Poland went on strike today to   demand legalization of Solidarity, higher wages and the reinstatement of workers fired   for union activities.  Workers at a copper mine had staged a protest rally earlier. The   strike comes on the eighth anniversary of the founding of the outlawed trade federation.    Solidarity was crushed in 1981, when the government imposed martial law and was   banned nearly a year later by parliament.  In 1980 workers at factories around the port of   Gdansk joined striking shipyard workers to form Solidarity, the first and only   independent trade federation in the Soviet bloc. Workers at Poland's copper producing combine went on strike as coal mining unions   staged token work stoppages in a third of the countries pits in a major challenge to the   government's economic policies.  Coal miners are also demanding wage increases and a   clear restructuring strategy for their industry.  Some coal mines have received higher   wages although the coal mining industry is running at a loss.  Copper mining, though,   continues to show a profit.  Coal miners have been subject to temporary lay-offs,   reducing their incomes and leading to the unrest.  Coal production in Poland is down in   the last year while copper production is up. Mikhail Gorbachev said that thousands of striking coal miners and other workers are   urging railway employees to join the work stoppage and the unrest threatens economic in   the Soviet Union.  The number of striking mines in Ukraine, the country's top coal   producing region, increased from 20 to 58.  The miners are demanding more local control   over their industry, as well as higher wages and better living conditions.  Negotiators   have resolved most of the minors demands, including those on pensions and overtime,   but others will take up to a month to settle. Central authorities are reluctant to give miners   more control over their industry. Thousands of miners in the Vorkuta region of the Soviet Union are expanding their strike   and are blocking coal shipments.  They are demanding the government fulfill promises to   improve living and job conditions.   Officials said that the strikes could force fuel   rationing during the Soviet Union's severe winter.  A regional court in Vorkuta ruled that   the latest round of strikes is illegal, but did not impose any penalties.  Coal miners in   Vorkuta and in Ukraine struck for two weeks in the summer, but returned to work in July   after Parliament passed a resolution, promising reforms. Coal miners in Siberia ended their strike after exacting promises of better food, housing   and working conditions, but the wave of unrest they launched continues in other key coal   regions.  Despite President Gorbachev's announcement of sweeping concessions,   hundreds of thousands of miners stayed off the job elsewhere.  The labor unrest is the   Soviet Union's worst in 60 years.  Until Gorbachev rose to power in 1985, strikes were   not tolerated.  The coal industry employs more than 1 million workers.  The government   has agreed to make all coal operations economically and legally independent.  Gorbachev   is trying to end central control of the economy. Strikes by tens of thousands of coal miners have spread to four more of the Soviet   Union's coal fields.  Coal miners in the far north, the southwest and in the Ukraine   walked out.  In Soviet Central Asia, home of the country's third largest coal fields, 14   mines were at a standstill.  Miners seek greater local control over their industries and   better living and working conditions.  The government acknowledged that living and   working conditions for miners is abysmal and has pledged improvements.  Gorbachev that   strikes could imperil his reforms to overhaul the economy through greater attention of   free-market mechanisms. A one-day strike by coal miners in Kazakhstan and the Ukraine has grown into a   nationwide walkout involving up to 100,000 miners demanding that President Gorbachev   surrender power to the restive republics.  Most of the country's 1.2 million coal miners   are still working, but output in some key regions has been halved.  The strike is the new   union's first major test of strength.  It began as a warning in Kazakhstan and the Ukraine     but gradually spread to all of the country's major regions.   Previous strikes have made   only economic demands.  This time the miners want political concessions. Coal miners from Romania's Jiu Valley, who spearheaded violent anti-reform rampages   through Bucharest in 1990 and 1991, are once again out on strike, pressing the   government for higher wages.  So far the government, unlike its predecessor has not   caved in but has begun action to have the strike declared illegal.  Romanians, most of   who earn far less than the striking miners, appear solidly opposed to the strike.  The   miners want more compensation for the difficult conditions in which they work and live.   They are also following their charismatic leader, Miron Cosma, who led them on   previously successful strikes. Ukrainian coal miners at the coal production association and at three pits, went on strike   demanding payment of wage arrears.  A total of 1200 of the association's 2248 workers   are on strike.  Workers at another mine refused to start work on their shifts until the   mine's director assured them the arrears would be paid.  Some members are also   demanding the dismissal of the association's director general.  In the opinion of one   mine's representative, the strike has a clear political hue to compromise the existing   authorities, particularly President Kravchuk, before the second round of presidential   elections. The National Union of Mineworkers said an estimated 200,000 gold and coal miners in   South Africa will begin a strike for higher wages and better working conditions in what it   said would be the largest job action to ever affect the nation's mining industry. Gold and   coal account for more than half of South Africa's foreign currency earnings.  Mine   owners, in anticipation of a strike, have been building stockpiles and do not expect the   strike to have much impact unless it lasts over a month. Other mines, such as diamond   mines, may go on strike if the current striking miners' demands are not met. More than 10,000 coal miners in Kentucky, Pennsylvania, Indiana and West Virginia   walked off the job to express sympathy for miners in Virginia and West Virginia, who   have waged a bitter two-month strike against Pittston Coal Group.  Pittston dropped out   of the Bituminous Coal Operators Association to negotiate with the union independently   and the two sides have failed to reach an agreement despite 16 months of negotiations.    United Mine Workers officials gave conflicting indications of whether or not they are   responsible for the wildcat strikes.  The coal companies contend that walkouts at any   mines other than Pittston, violate the contract with the union.