Hurricane Andrew, which killed 15 people and left a quarter of a million people  homeless in south Florida, hit sparsely populated farming communities and swampland  in Louisiana killing two people and injuring less than 100.
Last night U.S. cities along the Gulf of Mexico from Alabama to eastern Texas were on  storm watch for Hurricane Andrew which early yesterday caused at least eight deaths  and heavy property damage in southern Florida.
General Accident (GA), the leading British insurer, estimated yesterday that its losses  from Hurricane Andrew might reach $40 million; however, GA has only a half-percent  share of the Florida market and the estimate is based on the assumption that GA's catastrophe insurance would be triggered by the extensive claims.
Other insurers have  estimated that losses from the storm that hit Florida and Louisiana might be anywhere  from $1 billion to $20 billion.
Hurricane Andrew hit southern Florida Monday morning, was moving north-west across  the Gulf of Mexico yesterday, and now threatens New Orleans and the coast from  Mississippi to Texas.
Most of the  insurance claims from damage in Florida and Louisiana will be filed with State Farm,  Allstate, and American International Group insurance companies.
Hurricane Andrew yesterday smashed its way through Louisiana causing heavy  damage in rural communities but missing low-lying New Orleans.
There was more than  $15 billion property damage in Florida, but most of it was to uninsured property, so  insurers' losses are likely to total less than $1 billion.
The government estimated it would cost $20 billion to $30  billion to rebuild in Florida and care for those displaced by the storm.
At least three people were killed by the storm in the Bahamas  Sunday and twelve in Florida Monday.
Although it is too early to assess the cost of the  storm, one official estimates $15 billion to $20 billion of damage already.
Early reports indicate one death, 75 injuries, and  thousands homeless in Louisiana after 14 deaths in Florida and three in the Bahamas.
There was concern last night that the  hurricane might hit New Orleans which is especially vulnerable because of its low-lying  location.
After hitting Louisiana  with winds up to 120 miles per hour, Andrew lost force and by yesterday afternoon was  down-graded to a tropical storm.
Across Florida 2 million people were without electricity yesterday.
