On Sunday an anti-American newspaper in Iran blamed the United States for the death   of tens of thousands of people in last week's earthquake, since it plundered Iran's oil   and other resources for 25 years preventing application of the national wealth to   development of "advanced (anti-seismic) building construction systems."
Estimated casualties have now reached 50,000 killed and   200,000 injured.
Shahin Gobadi, spokesman for the People's Mojahedin of Iran, claims that the Islamic   Republic of Iran is purposely underreporting the number of casualties from Thursday's   massive earthquake (7.3-7.7 on the Richter scale) out of a fear of  political backlash.
The earthquake that hit Iran early Thursday exacted particularly large casualties   because people were asleep in fragile homes built on a flood plain of  loosely deposited   soil that shifts in an earthquake.
Thousands were buried in the rubble of their   homes.
After years of animosity, the U.S. government has come to the aid of Iran, channeling   $300,000 in earthquake relief supplies through the American Red Cross.
Planes loaded with earthquake relief supplies are arriving in Iran from around the world,   including one from the United States, the first such American benevolence toward Iran   since the hostage crisis of 1979-80.
The Iranian community of Orange County, California launched an effort Sunday to   collect half a million dollars in money, medicine, tents, blankets and sleeping bags for   hundreds of thousands of injured and homeless victims of the earthquake in   northwestern Iran.
Iranian news media reacted sluggishly Thursday to an earthquake that left 25,000 dead   in northern Iran.
The earthquake which hit   northern Iran Thursday with a magnitude between 7.3 and 7.7 killed as many as 35,000   people.
Speaking before a rally today across the street from the White House in Washington,   Gobadi claimed that while Iran has reported 36,000 dead, he has received estimates   closer to 100,000.
Iran today welcomed earthquake relief from its bitter enemy, the United States, but   specified that aid should be channeled through the Red Cross and Red Crescent.
The earthquake that struck northern Iran on Thursday killing about 25,000 people   registered 7.7 on the Richter scale.
Americans who rushed to donate earthquake relief funds for the Armenian earthquake   18 months ago are responding more slowly to last week's earthquake in Iran.
