Widely   hailed by critics, the 1989 film "Do the Right Thing," received only two Academy Award   nominations and was not recommended for best picture or best director.
The Walt Disney Co. filed a suit Thursday against the Academy of Motion Picture Arts   and Sciences, charging copyright infringement of its Snow White character.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and   Sciences had sued Creative House Promotions (Chicago), manufacturer of an employee-  incentive award that the judge acknowledged was "very similar" to the Oscar.
But, the Academy lost a copyright   infringement suit against Houston International Film Festival in which it claimed that the   festival's Lone Star Statuette was an Oscar clone.
The brightest moments of the 61st   Awards came from Billy Crystal, Robin Williams and Bob Hope, but they were too   brief..Other observations on the show:    Most heartfelt acceptance: Dustin Hoffman  Most intelligent acceptance: Jodie Foster  Warmest reception: Lucille Ball and Bob Hope  Least promising rock singer: Rob Lowe  Worst reader of teleprompter: Walter Matthau Oscar, one of the most recognizable images in the entertainment industry, has no   copyright protection, a federal judge has ruled.
Spike Lee, in a lecture and question-and-answer session Monday at Syracuse University,   shrugged off the icy treatment of his latest movie by the Academy Award voters.
The latest casualties are directors   James L. Brooks, whose movie "Broadcast News" won seven major nominations,   including best picture, and Steven Spielberg whose movie "Empire of the Sun" received   six nominations.
Refreshingly, several winners came from films that were not box office smashes: Jodie   Foster as best actress ("The Accused"); Geena Davis as best supporting actress ("The   Accidental Tourist"); sound editing for "Bird;" and David Grusin's score of "The   Milagro Beanfield War."
Lee commented   that the academy's membership consists mainly of "old people" more comfortable with   the black chauffeur in "Driving Miss Daisy" than with the angry characters in his film.
After The Collector's Book Store   announced a February auction of the 1957 best-picture trophy, the Academy won a court   order temporarily blocking future auctions.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences recently sought court protection for   Oscar, its famous award, with mixed results.
