The Senate Armed Services Committee has put the nomination of former Texas Senator John   Tower on hold as it investigates Tower's use of alcohol and his ties to defense contractors.
A Senate Armed Services committee vote to approve former Senator John Tower as Secretary of   Defense was cancelled Thursday following allegations of recent drinking problems as will as   inappropriate behavior with women.
The nomination of John Tower as Secretary of Defense failed in the Senate as Tower fell victim   to charges of moral and ethical misbehavior.
The Senate Armed Services Committee, controlled by the Democrats, has voted 11-9 along party   lines to recommend that the full senate reject the nomination of former senator John Tower as   Secretary of Defense.
Former Senator John Tower, President Bush's nominee as defense secretary under went surgery   to remove a colon polyp on Thursday.
In testimony before the Senate   Armed Services Committee, Paul Weyrich told the committee that Tower may lack the moral   fiber for the position, citing inappropriate use of alcohol and questionable associations with   women.
The Senate panel considering John Tower's nomination as Secretary of Defense has found   discrepancies in his dealings with defense contractors.
The Senate voted 53 to 47 to reject the nomination of former Texas Senator John tower as   Secretary of Defense.
The first controversy surrounding a Bush cabinet nominee has erupted during the confirmation   hearings of former Senator John Tower as Secretary of Defense.
Despite predictions of dire results following the defeat of the nomination of John Tower for   Secretary of Defense, Washington is quiet.
Tower is also accused of giving contradictory   testimony to the committee on his dealings with defense contractors.
Former Texas Senator John Tower was killed in a plane crash as it tried to land on Sea Island off   the Georgia coast.
The crash also clamed the life of Tower's daughter, Marian, as well as   Astronaut Manley Lanier "Sonny" Carter, Jr., and Dr. Nicholas Davies,  president-elect of the   American college of Physicians.
Sen. Tower was rejected as President Bush's candidate for defense secretary in 1989.
The vote came after a bitter and divisive debate which centered on Tower's   drinking habits, his inappropriate behavior toward women and business dealings with defense   contractors.
