The actor who at the age of 6 began playing Little Ricky on the "I Love Lucy" show,   Keith Thibodeaux, paid tribute to the show's star, Lucille Ball.
Gordon first met Miss Ball in   1947 in the radio program "My Favorite Husband", which later became the television   show "I Love Lucy".
Lucille Ball, star one of the most popular shows in the history of television "I Love   Lucy", died at the age of 77 in April 1989.
Lucille Ball was born in 1911 in Jamestown New York and from an early age had   an interest in show business.
William Paley, Chairman of   CBS, where Lucille Ball's historic show "I love Lucy" ran for many years, said that she   helped to establish television as the nation's leading entertainment industry and that her   legacy would last forever.
Lucille Ball and her first husband Desi Arnaz, dominated television in the 1950's during   the six-year run of their comedy "I Love Lucy".
Following the divorce, Miss   Ball married Gary Morton and continued on in her successful show business career.
Bob Hope paid tribute to Lucille Ball, his frequent co-star in a television special, "Bob   Hope's Love Affair with Lucille Ball".
Lucille Ball, 77, who starred in one of televisions biggest all-time hits, "I Love Lucy",   died April 26, 1989 following emergency heart surgery.
They divorced in   1960.
They formed Desilu Productions, which   eventually bought RKO studios and began producing other programs.
Miss Ball and her late former husband, Desi   Arnaz starred in the show from 1951 to 1957 and it has since been widely syndicated in   reruns.
Miss Ball was born in Jamestown in 1911 and regularly   donated money to charities, civic events and Jamestown Community college.
Lucille Ball who died 26 April, 1989 at the age of 77, was remembered in her hometown   of Jamestown, New York.
She and her first husband, Desi Arnaz starred in   the groundbreaking television show, "I Love Lucy", from 1951 until 1957.
Miss Ball and her late former husband, Desi Arnaz, starred in "I Love   Lucy", from 1951 to 1957.
Famous as well as ordinary people eulogized Lucille Ball following her death in April   1989.
In addition to   being a talented entertainer, Miss Ball was a shrewd businesswoman who became along   with her husband, head of one of Hollywood's major studios.
