East Germany's ousted secret police chief, Erich Mielke, threatened to break former   Communist leader Erich Honecker's neck when the two faced each other in jail.
Former East German leader Erich Honecker and Erich Mielke, former head of the secret   police, were interrogated by federal prosecutors about their role in killings of people who   tried to flee the country.
As protests gathered strength in the fall of 1989, East Germany's longtime orthodox   leader, Erich Honecker "lost touch with reality" according to the man who succeeded him   as Communist leader only to be ousted later.
Michail Gorbachev urged all sides to take their time in deciding the fate of Erich   Honecker as former East German leader spent a seventh day of refuge inside the Chilean   Embassy in Moscow.
Earlier this month, East German prosecutors said Honecker   and former state security chief Erich Mielke would be charged with treason and   corruption for misuse of their positions and state funds.
Ousted East German leader, Erich Honecker will not stand trial in East Germany as long   as the formerly communist country exists.
Ousted East German leader Erich Honecker was arrested and taken to prison today and a   prosecutor said he will be tried for high treason in March.
East Germany's deposed Communist leader Erich Honecker is too sick to be held in jail,   but is fit enough to be tried.
The 81-year-old Honecker and his wife Margot Honecker, had been living with   their daughter in Santiago, since his release from prison in 1993.
East Germany has been   caught up in a virtual frenzy to root out corruption and abuse of office since Honecker's   ouster in October.
Ousted East German leader Erich Honecker was arrested Monday morning morning upon   release from hospital and taken to prison.
Honecker 77, ruled  East Germany for 19 years   until he was ousted in October 1989 as a wave of pro-democracy demonstrations led to a   peaceful overthrow of the Communist government.
A Berlin court has issued an arrest warrant for Honecker, 78, for issuing shoot-  to-kill orders to East German guards at the now-fallen Berlin Wall.
Former East German leader, Erich Honecker, may be moved to a monastery to protect   him from a possible lynching by enraged citizens.
