Yoko Ono, widow of the late Beatle, John Lennon promotes her own works, but  her main activity is to promote Lennon's art and image.
Celebrity biographer Albert Goldman had a mythic view of "Lennon the Great"  when he began his book The Lives of John Lennon.
According to biographer Albert Goldman in his book The Lives of John Lennon  the late, former Beatle spent much of a three-year period sitting in his  room in the lotus position and smoking marijuana.
John Lennon decided that it was time to make music again after devoting  several years to his son while Yoko Ono ran the family business.
Cynthia Lennon, former wife of the late John Lennon, joined others in  denouncing the unauthorized biography of the late, former Beatle.
Cynthia  Lennon and Lennon's widow, Yoko Ono, both appeared on the CBS show "60  Minutes" in a segment called "The Two Mrs. Lennons".
At a United Nations ceremony for  the event, Lennon's widow, Yoko Ono said that the world is a better place  because of John.
The book claims that Lennon's second wife, Yoko Ono, had a $5,000  a week heroin habit and that John also took heroin and consumed LSD.
John Lennon, My Brother was the collaboration of Beatles aficionado,  Geoffrey Giuliano, and Julia Baird, half-sister of the late John Lennon.
A biography, The Lives of John Lennon, by Albert Goldman portrays the late  Beatle as a violent, anorexic, bisexual, drug-addicted drunk.
Cassettes and film footage collected by Yoko Ono constituted the main  elements of the movie Imagine: John Lennon.
Lennon's  widow, the normally reclusive Yoko Ono, has called the work "totally  fiction" in her first broadcast comments on the book.
The items Ono provided were  edited to make the late John Lennon the narrator of the much acclaimed film.
Thousands of John Lennon fans attended a benefit concert in his hometown,  Liverpool, honoring the late, former Beatle.
John Lennon's message of peace was delivered when his song "Imagine" was  played simultaneously for one billion people in 130 countries to celebrate  what would have been his 50th birthday.
Lennon was shot when he  and his wife, Yoko Ono, were returning to their apartment in New York.
Liverpool's mayor, Dorothy Gavin, and John Lennon devotees, laid wreaths at  a bronze statue of the Beatles in the city's Cavern Walks shopping center on  the tenth anniversary of his death.
