Customers in Wal-Mart here in Fort Walton Beach were surprised to find Sam Walton,   founder of the discount chain, helping cashiers when an electrical glitch shut down the   cash registers.
A book entitled, "Wal-Mart: Sam Walton's Retail Phenomenon" was published two years   after Walton died.
The Wal-Mart Stores, Inc, will open a Visitors Center on Wednesday here in Bentonville   on the downtown square where Sam Walton opened for business on 9 May 1950.
Sam Walton's phenomenal success as a retailer stemmed from his personality, and his   willingness to defy accepted retailing wisdom.
The 1989 publication of the Forbes listing of the richest people again has Sam Walton as   the nation's richest man.
It does not directly address his company's non-union policies,   and the impact of his 40 billion dollar giant on the mom-and-pop stores in the small   towns where he located his stores.
After a three year stint in the army Walton opened a Ben Franklin franchise, and   eventually became the largest franchisee.
Displays include a replica of Walton's   original office, and a hula skirt that he wore for his "dance on Wall Street" after the   company surpassed the profit goal for 1984.
He shuns the personal   publicity that goes with his status, preferring to concentrate on Wal-Mart and pursue the   simple life on Bentonville, Arkansas.
Samuel Morse Walton, son of a farm mortgage broker, was born in Oklahoma on 29   March 1918.
He and a brother opened the first Wal-Mart   Discount City in 1962.
Walton is famous for his folksy style, and the help to the cashiers came  during a surprise visit to the Florida store.
It was advertised as a "scholarly account" of Wal-Mart's success.
The annual Forbes publication makes Walton uncomfortable.
Sam Walton died in April 1992.
Walton studied the competition and adapted from them.
During the concert he   joined the singer in a duet, and the led the customers in a Wal-Mart cheer.
It was not until 1962 that the first Wal-Mart was   opened.
He earned an economics degree from Missouri University and worked for   J.C. Penney's as a management trainee.
It is the story of a happily married and well-liked   man who lived frugally in an obscure corner of Arkansas.
