A flash flood raged through small town areas along the Ohio River in eastern  Ohio.
Few people in this  coal-mining area had flood insurance and ordinary homeowners' insurance  would not cover flood damage.
Little hope remained for the 14 people still listed as missing since  coroner's investigator Chuck Vogt said "you can't swim that long in the Ohio  River".
Thunderstorms swept through eastern Ohio causing flooding that killed at  least ten people, left many missing, and drove hundreds from their home.
The mother of a 12-year-old girl held out hope for her daughter who, along  with nearly three dozen others, was still missing two days after the floods  in eastern Ohio.
Two creeks in this area that empty into the Ohio River were  the main area where flooding occurred.
Officials from  Ohio, West Virginia, and the Coast Guard searched the Ohio River for  survivors and bodies.
A body was found in the Ohio River near Moundsville, West Virginia this  morning.
Thunderstorms generated floods which surged through a valley into the Ohio  River town of Shadyside killing at least 11 people.
Searchers used  trained dogs to search rubble along creek banks and workers sifted through  debris collected at the Hannibal locks and dam 25 downstream on the Ohio  River.
Ohio Governor Celeste declared a state  of emergency after surveying the area.
Temporary morgues were set up at the Bellaire City Hospital and at a funeral  home in Shadyside, a community of 4,300 about ten miles south of Wheeling,  West Virginia.
Ohio Governor Celeste declared a state of emergence and surveyed the area.
Most of the search was concentrated along the creek  banks but divers also searched in the Ohio River.
Amber was swept down Wegee Creek and into the Ohio  River, but survived a seven-mile ordeal by clinging to logs.
The flood struck near the village of Shadyside, Ohio.
The Ohio Emergency Management Agency  was assisted in coping with the emergency by other state agencies and the  Red Cross.
The tremendous flood damage was to the  outskirts of town where small tractors and four-wheel-drive vehicles were  the only means of transportation.
Residents began assessing the damage to their homes and property caused by a  furious flash flood that killed at least 11 and left many homeless.
