He said   that German reunification would not occur in the near future, and when it did, Poland   would insist that a united Germany respect the existing Poland-East German border.
A senior West German leader said on Tuesday that Gorbachev had adopted a "more   positive" attitude toward reunification, and that East Germany, because of its political   instability, must chose between unification and chaos.
Soviet President Gorbachev on Tuesday said that one Germany was likely in the future,   and added, referring to the growing number of demonstrations in East Germany, that   Germans "should not decide this important question in the street".
Several German history experts discussed the implications of reunification after the   Tuesday decision by the four World War II Allies decision to accept the reunification of a   Germany they divided 45 years ago.
It is apparent to the government that    reunification needs a strong growing West Germany economy to finance the   subsidization of the woeful living conditions of the East Germans until there is a   sustained upswing in the East.
West German Chancellor Kohl said in Moscow that Soviet President Gorbachev had   given him an unequivocal promise to respect German reunification.
Erich Honeker, the hard-line leader of the East German Communist Party, was removed   from office last October, and is awaiting trial for treason and abuse of power.
The West German Finance Minister   said the East German economy is in sorrowful state.
Soviet President Gorbachev met Tuesday with East German Premier Modrow who said   that Gorbachev did not rule out the prospect of reunification, but did not set a time.
It admitted that the East German socialist system had failed, and expressed   support for some type of partnership with West Germany.
Ironically, if German reunification is   effected before West German elections in December, their votes could help to defeat   Kohl's Christian Democrat Party.
The Chairman of the Simon Wisenthal Center, Rabbi Marvin Hier, wrote to West   German Chancellor Kohl and East German Premier Modrow.
He said that a   reunification plan with the agreement of the World War II Allies should be ready before   the year's end for presentation to pan-European summit meeting.
The Bundesbank, West Germany's Central Bank, is being criticized for its refusal to   lower interest rates to help the German economy.
