Now, in May 1988, the Moscow   News has published an article that makes a clear attempt to refute some of the charges   made by Soviet officials and the state-controlled media against Sakharov and his wife.
The latest issue of the Soviet News included a sensitive article on Andrei Sakharov and   his wife, Yelena Bonner.
Andrei Sakharov's visit to the United States has gone virtually unreported in Moscow,   with only a radio broadcast saying he had voiced opposition to the "Star Wars" program.
Soviet physicists, in a rebuff to the Soviet Union's scientific establishment, voted on   Friday to nominate Andrei Sakharov to be a candidate in the March parliamentary   elections.
Sakharov has supported Gorbachev's reforms, but has pressed Gorbachev for speedier   progress in improving the Soviet record on human rights.
Colleagues in the Soviet Congress   observed a minute of silence in honor of the man who was considered a national hero for   his work on the hydrogen bomb, and later reviled for his stand on human rights.
Radio Moscow said Sakharov made the statement in a Boston news conference.
Andrei Sakharov, the 68 year-old scientist and human rights activist, died Thursday of an   apparent heart attack in his Moscow apartment.
Sakharov is a celebrity in the West since he helped start the Soviet dissident movement in   the 1970s.
Gorbachev called Sakharov in Gorky in December1986 and ended the exile.
Sakharov's obituary was signed by President Gorbachev, five other politburo members,   and fifty other leading officials and scholars.
Sakharov is the father of the Soviet dissident movement.
Sakharov is a member of the prestigious Academy of Sciences and a 1975 Nobel Peace   Prize winner.
Sakharov used the occasion to outline a detailed program that would   transform the Soviet Union.
The article made only indirect mention of Sakharov's forced exile in the   closed city of Gorky.
O Sunday Andrei Sakharov spoke in Milan to the Congress of the Italian Socialist Party.
Supporters of Sakharov characterize the Academy's leadership as a collection of old-  guard managers of scientific institutions.
The Human Rights Award from the International League for   Human Rights was presented to Sakharov at a reception at the home of the former United   States Ambassador to Austria.
The obituary praised Sakharov as a man of honesty and sincerity.
