An Iraq-Kuwait crisis erupted July 17 when Iraqi President Saddam Hussein accused   Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates of costing his country $14 billion in lost revenue   because of their overproduction of OPEC oil limits.
As punishment for not withdrawing its forces from Kuwait, the U.N. Security Council   voted to impose trade and military sanctions against Iraq, including a ban on oil   purchases.
Iraq's U.N. representative said they would withdraw when the "free   Kuwaiti interim government' of "revolutionary youth" who toppled the Kuwaiti   government, and to whose aid they came, requested it.
Iraq's U.N. representative said the U.N.   should not be involved, the fall of Kuwait was an internal matter.
The U.N. Security Council demanded that Iraq unconditionally withdraw its invasion   forces from Kuwait.
Earlier, the Iraqi-  installed military government of Kuwait warned other nations to not take punishing   measures against it or Iraq, ominously saying that such countries "have to remember they   have interests and citizens in Kuwait."
They feel this might provoke Saddam Hussein into occupying   Saudi oil fields 150 miles south of Kuwait, thus giving him control of more oil than any   country in the world.
Kuwait's U.N. ambassador said that the Iraqi-installed government was employing   "pure blackmail" by saying it could not ensure the safety of foreigners if their   governments support sanctions.
Recently Saddam Hussein accused Kuwait of   costing Iraq billions by overproducing oil, thus driving down its price, by stealing oil   from a contested border field and by demanding repayment of war debts.
So far, only   Lebanon's prime minister and foreign minister, Salim Hoss, has joined Kuwait to   publicly condemn this invasion--the first time in modern history one Arab country   invaded another to take control of the government.
Iraq claims it entered Kuwait at the   request of a Kuwaiti revolutionary group that had overthrown the government.
In retaliation against U.N. imposed economic and military sanctions, Iraq today rounded   up hundreds of foreign nationals in Kuwait.
Emphasizing that the Central Intelligence Agency was not surprised by Iraq's invasion of   Kuwait, a spokesman said the agency gave useful and timely information to policy   makers and continues to do so.
President Bush froze all Iraqi assets in the U.S., blocked   Iraqi imports and, for their protection, froze Kuwaiti assets under U.S. jurisdiction.
