As Senate hearings on Clarence Thomas's nomination to the Supreme Court continue,   there appears to be no groundswell of opposition to his confirmation although   Democratic members of the Senate Judiciary Committee have criticized the candidate's   refusal to answer some questions and his reply when asked his view on abortion:   "Whether or not I have a view is irrelevant."
Frustrated Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee complain that Supreme Court   nominee Clarence Thomas is an evasive witness, but there has been no groundswell of   opposition to his confirmation.
Virginia Thomas, the white wife of black Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas, is   a brainy lawyer with an impressive career.
Virginia Thomas, the white wife of black Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas,   has represented the conservative viewpoint in the various positions she has held.
On the other side, senators are receiving the   first of 500,000 anti-Thomas postcards provided by the National Abortion Rights Action   League and the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law announced that 86 of   about 110 members of its board of directors oppose Thomas.
300 black pastors of the Coalition for the Restoration of the Black Family and   Society held a pro-Thomas rally on the steps of the Supreme Court.
The   American Bar Association evaluation committee testified that although Thomas'  articles in law journals were deficient in presentation, scholarship and analysis, this is   outweighed by his "brief but highly satisfactory performance on the Court of Appeals."
Women's-rights activists dislike her opposition to comparable-worth legislation, religious   groups are uncomfortable with her anti-cult activities, and some blacks feel the   Thomases' marriage shows his rejection of the black community.
The committee's 14 members seem to   break down into three groups: 5 Republicans solidly for Thomas; 6 Democrats in   opposition; and three swing votes, one Republican and two Democrats.
On Monday Clarence Thomas completed five days of questioning by the Senate   Judiciary Committees and appeared to be well on his way to confirmation.
The Citizens   Committee to Confirm Clarence Thomas ran a television ad in four southern states   where senators face re-election next year.
5 of the 14 committee members, all Republicans, appear solidly for   Thomas, probably 6 Democrats are opposed, and three swing votes, one Republican,   two Democrats, could go either way.
