As Hurricane Hugo's 135 mph wind roared outside, Charleston S.C.'s mayor Joseph P.   Riley, city officials and a few reporters stayed in Charleston's City Hall watching the   storm's fury.
The storm with winds reaching 135   mph hit Charleston head-on Thursday night, the first major hurricane to strike   Charleston since Hurricane Gracie made landfall 70 miles to the south in 1959.
The leading edge of Hugo with winds up to   125 mph from 105 mph yesterday, is likely to hit between Savannah, Ga. And   Charleston, S.C. any time after 8 p.m. A hurricane warning was in effect between   Fernandina Beach Fla., and Oregon Inlet, N.C. Hurricane Hugo has put to test the city of Charleston, S.C. which has survived   earthquake, battle and storm in its 300-year history.
Pinpointing the exact location of Hurricane Hugo's landfall was difficult, but forecasters   analyzed computer predictions, satellite data, the history of similar storms and the   current path of the hurricane to make an educated guess which turned out to be right.
State Farm expects its total claims   for Hugo to reach $500 million which is more than three times the record $165 million   for Hurricane Alicia in 1983.
Charleston S.C. bore the brunt of Hugo's fury, but   only two of the state's 17 deaths were in the Charleston area.
Losses to insurers from Hurricane Hugo far surpass the $752.5 million for Hurricane   Frederick in 1979, but analysts and company officials predict no increase in premium   rates before mid-1990.
Hurricane Hugo advanced on Georgia and South Carolina today as 150,000 coastal   residents fled inland on jammed highways.
Charleston has survived a tornado that killed 32 people, injured hundreds and caused   $2 million in property damage in 1938, shot and shell of two wars, any number of   smaller hurricanes, and the earthquake of Aug. 31, 1886 that measured 7.7 on the   Richter scale, killed 110, and destroyed 102 buildings.
Local authorities credit residents who showed respect for hurricane warnings for the low   casualty rate from Hurricane Hugo.
Damage from Hugo was particularly high since it hit Charleston directly and then veered   northwest hitting other population centers rather than heading out to sea.
Damage from Hurricane Hugo which hit the Carolinas and Caribbean last week will   reduce third-quarter earnings for several insurers.
