The mayors of Charleston and North Charleston, S.C. gave credit to residents of   their cities for the low fatality rate from Hurricane Hugo which hit the city   with full force.
After devastating Guadeloupe, Montserrat, Antigua, the Virgin Islands and Puerto   Rico on Sunday and Monday with winds up to 150 mph, killing at least 20 people   and leaving perhaps 100,000 homeless, Hurricane Hugo slowed down yesterday to   winds of 105-125 mph, only to pick up speed again and crash into Charleston,   S.C. at midnight with winds of 135 mph.
Supercomputers and satellites helped predict the path and landfall of Hurricane   Hugo in time to allow evacuation of Charleston, S.C., but hurricane tracking is   not an exact science.
Today the hurricane moved inland with steadily diminishing winds and   was downgraded to a tropical storm at 6 A.M. Two insurance companies said Tuesday that they anticipate $600 million in claims   from Hurricane Hugo which may become the most expensive ever for the industry.
The National Hurricane Center provided life-saving information as Hurricane Hugo   moved across the Caribbean toward the Carolinas.
Gilbert, the most powerful hurricane ever recorded with winds up to 180 mph,   blasted the Caribbean last year killing 300 and causing $2 billion damage.
The intensity of Hugo was upgraded on the basis of Air   Force reconnaissance just hours before it hit Charleston.
Damage from Hurricane Hugo which tore through the Caribbean last week will   reduce third-quarter earnings for several insurers.
State Farm's State   Fire and Casualty Co. estimates payouts of over $500 million, three times the   previous record of $165 million set by Hurricane Alicia in 1983.
The worst   disaster in recent decades was in 1938 when a tornado tore through the city   killing 32 people, injuring hundreds and causing $2 million in property damage.
Hurricane Hugo is the latest of the many disasters faced by Charleston, S.C. in   its eventful 300 year history.
A real killer, it was the first major hurricane to strike   Charleston since Gracie made landfall 70 miles to the south in 1959.
In Charleston Hugo littered the streets with tin   roofs, palmetto fronds and chunks of bark and by midnight 119 mph winds cracked   the roof of the 188-year-old City Hall that had withstood several earlier   hurricanes.
