The world's largest McDonald's served 30,00 customers on its opening day in Moscow,   breaking the opening day record for McDonald's worldwide.
At 3.75 rubles (around five U.S. dollars) for a Big Mac, feeding a family at   McDonald's could cost the average Soviet worker two-day's wages.
Even the higher wages of   Shenzhen, where workers average $53.00 a month, the $1.14 cost of the Big Mac along   with 48 cents for fries and 74 cents for a shake may cause the Chinese to view eating at   McDonald's as a treat rather than a convenience.
Although Russian authorities   have been pleased with McDonald's, citing the fact that most of their supplies come from   Russia, the plunging ruble as well as high inflation and changing tax laws have proven   difficult for McDonald's.
In the midst of tough economic times, McDonald's opened its second restaurant in   Moscow as part of a 12 story office block.
Offering Big Macs, fries and other   McDonald's specialties, some wonder if McDonald's will be as popular as the local fast-  food treat, Pljeskavica.
The communist world will get its first taste of an American hamburger next week when   McDonald's opens its doors in Belgrade, Yugoslavia.
The opening may be the beginning of a competition   between the Big Mac and Yugoslavia's traditional hamburger-like fast food, the   Pljeskavica.
The opening of the first of six McDonald's in Yugoslavia in the   next five years drew large crowds.
Communism's first taste of a Big Mac occurred with the opening of a McDonald's in   Belgrade, Yugoslavia.
Opened by McAhn Industries,   a 50-50 joint venture of McDonald's and accountant-turned-entrepreneur, Ahn Hyo   Young, McDonald's struggled with the government over tight import restrictions and   McAhn's royalty payments to the U.S. With 27 cash registers and seating for 900, the world's largest McDonald's opened in   Moscow on Wednesday to mixed reviews for the Big Mac and high praise for its   strawberry milkshakes, called cocktails by the Russians.
To guarantee its supplies, McDonald's built its own factory, including a   bakery, dairy, and meat processing plant; important in a country where up to 25 percent   of the harvest rots en route to the customer.
After 7 years of negotiation with the South Korean government, McDonald's opened the   first of what it hopes to be a string of restaurants in Seoul.
