The tornadoes were reported in Alabama, Maryland, Delaware,   Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Mississippi, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, and South Carolina,   Major damage was caused in Huntsville, AL, where seventeen people were killed, 463 injured,   and 1,000 left homeless.
Strong winds and heavy thunderstorms caused heavy damage in the District of Columbia,   Illinois, Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania and West Virginia.
Thunderstorms and wind caused   heavy damage in Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and New York.
In Huntsville, AL a tornado slammed into a shopping district, a residential area, and a school   Wednesday, killing at least 15 people.
The worst damage was in Huntsville, AL when a tornado laid waste a wide   swath of the city and caused the death of seventeen people.
A tornado slammed into a shopping district, a residential area, and a school Wednesday in   Huntsville, AL, killing at least 14 people, injuring nearly 300 and trapping many others in cars   and homes.
Four tornadoes pounded the Huntsville, AL area killing two people and causing injuries.
Moving north Thursday, the storm caused damage in West Virginia, Philadelphia, Piscataway,   NJ, and caused flooding in Washington, DC.
Thunderstorms with tornadoes, 100-mph winds and hail wreaked havoc across the middle   Mississippi Valley and the Southeast Wednesday.
Tornadoes were reported in New   Jersey, Delaware, Virginia, and New York.
Deaths were also reported in New York City, New   Jersey and Illinois.
A powerful storm system brought strong winds and heavy thunderstorms to the Northeast on   Thursday causing deaths, property damage, and flooding.
No   damage was reported to the city's Marshall Space Flight Center and the Army's Redstone   Arsenal.
Four people were killed by a tornado in Palmetto, Georgia.
Doctors were   having difficulty reaching the Humana Hospital because of blocked roads.
Blocked roads made it difficult for doctors to reach the Humana Hospital.
One person was killed in Elizabeth, NJ and another   in New York City.
In Georgia, a tornado struck   southeast of Palmetto, and a pair of tornadoes struck in Henderson County, NC.
Tornadoes and thunderstorms killed 27 people, injured more than 500, and left hundreds   homeless since Wednesday.
Winter storm warnings were posted in Michigan, Wisconsin,   Ohio, and Pennsylvania.
