An explosion this morning destroyed a military barracks that housed the Royal Marines   School of Music.
A huge explosion yesterday in the lounge of the Royal Marines School of Music killed   ten and injured 22, eight seriously.
Shocked residents of Deal and family members of the dead and injured criticized security   arrangements at the facility used by the Royal Marines School of Music.
An explosion at 8:28 A.M. today rocked the Royal Marines School of Music in Deal,   about 20 miles north of the English Channel Port of Dover.
Ten men were killed yesterday when an explosion destroyed a  barracks that housed the   Royal Marines School of Music.
The Music School at Deal is one of 30 military establishments that use private security   firms.
Prince Philip toured the severely damaged Royal Marines School of Music, and visited   those injured in Friday's blast.
British Defense Secretary Tom King said that private security firms provide a useful   service, and that they will continue in service at "low-risk" military establishments.
The School is located in the southern England town of Deal, and police   there said the explosion killed 11 and injured 22.
Police have said that all ten men killed in yesterday's explosion at a barracks in Deal   were serviceman.
The Secretary-General of the International Police Organization, INTERPOL, assured that   the organization would fully support efforts to bring to justice those who blew up the   School.
The British Defense Secretary said that all   evidence points to the explosion being an Irish atrocity.
Irish Prime Minister Haughey also   condemned the attack, and sent Mrs. Thatcher a message of sympathy.
She took the occasion to condemn as   "monsters" those members of the IRA who blew up the Royal Marines School of Music,   killing ten bandsmen.
The IRA issued a statement saying what happened to the Royal Marines was an answer   to Margaret Thatcher's "message of war".
The Irish Republican Army has been attacking military targets on the   British mainland.
Opposition   politicians  joined in denouncing the use of private security firms at the Deal facility and   9 other military  establishments in Britain.
The Irish Republican Army claimed   responsibility for the explosion.
