Keith Thibodeaux, who played Little Ricky on the "I Love Lucy" show, remembered   Lucille Ball on Wednesday, following the announcement of her death.
Bob Hope will pay tribute to Lucille Ball on Saturday with a special "Bob Hope's Love   Affair With Lucille Ball."
Lucille Ball was not the scatterbrained Lucy, but a smart   perfectionist, who knew the world was better off laughing.
She   and her first husband, Desi Arnaz, produced and co-starred on the precedence setting "I   Love Lucy", one of the most popular TV shows ever.
Lucille Ball, the pioneering queen of television comedy, died Wednesday at 77 of a   ruptured abdominal artery.
Gail Gordon, Lucille Ball's sidekick through radio and television, said "the world will   miss her greatly."
President Bush praised her "gift of love" as well as laughter, and   former President and Mrs. Reagan called her an "American institution."
After her divorce from Arnaz, Miss Ball married Gary   Morton and starred in other shows.
Tributes began flowing in   immediately including ones from former President and Nancy Reagan, Dick Van Dyke,   and the chairman of CBS Inc.  Miss Ball created a legacy, both as a comedian and a TV   entrepreneur, that has not been matched.
Residents of Lucille Ball's hometown, Jamestown N.Y., remembered the star on   Wednesday, following her death in Los Angeles.
"I Love Lucy" was the first TV comedy to be   filmed, leaving a legacy of reruns.
Hope keeps voluminous files where Ball first appears in 1945   on a show for charity called "G.I.
In 1961, she married Gary Morton and next year   started "The Lucy Show", which became "Here's Lucy" and ended in 1974.
He last spoke with Miss Ball   on his birthday in February.
Lucille Ball was the movies' greatest gift to television.
Pauline Lopus recalled that   Miss Ball dreamed of fame, worked as an amusement park barker at age 15, and appeared   in school plays.
Sympathy poured out following the death of Lucille Ball at age 77.
Lucille Ball, 77, died early Wednesday while recovering from heart surgery.
Lucille Ball was born August 6, 1911, in Jamestown, New York.
Lucille Ball was mourned Wednesday in her western New York hometown she left more   than 50 years ago.
