Joseph Gildenhorn, named by President Bush to be ambassador to Switzerland  has been rated "unqualified" by the American Academy of Diplomacy, an  organization composed of former high ranking diplomats including all living  former secretaries of state.
Bush's choice for assistant secretary of state for  Latin America, Democrat Bernard Aronson, has raised concern from the two  leading Republican Senators on the Foreign Relations Committee.
Ms Wells is ambassador to  Mozambique, but Senator Jesse Helms and his colleagues had blocked that  appointment for 11 months as an expression of opposition to the Reagan  administration's friendship toward Mozambique's Marxist government and might  delay action on Wells again.
The Bush administration fearing that the nomination of Melissa Wells to be  ambassador to Nicaragua might face a prolonged Senate confirmation fight has  decided to name Harry Shlaudeman for the post.
President Bush plans to name UN Ambassador Thomas Pickering as US envoy to  India and to appoint Foreign Service Director General Edward Perkins to  replace him.
The US and Nicaragua have not had ambassadors in each other's  country since July 1988 when President Daniel Ortega expelled the US  ambassador and President Reagan expelled the Nicaraguan ambassador.
A column by Fahd al-Fanik in Arabic in the Amman AL-RA'Y, notes that the new  US ambassador to Jordan is a heavyweight having served in Cairo, Saudi  Arabia, two African countries, and a European country.
President Bush named career diplomat Deane Hinton as ambassador to Panama as  a recess appointment since Congress is not in session.
President Bush is expected to name Melissa Wells, currently ambassador to  Mozambique, to be ambassador to Nicaragua.
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee endorsed the nomination of Republican  activist Peter Secchia to be ambassador to Italy.
This is the top ranking American post at  the world body and Spiers will replace Joseph Reed, a banker who served in  that post until since 1983.
Mr. Perkins was ambassador to South Africa  when the US imposed economic sanctions against that nation's white-minority  government to pressure it to end apartheid.
Spiers is a career foreign service officer and has been  ambassador to the Bahamas and Turkey and, from 1981 until 1983 was  ambassador to Pakistan.
Three of President Bush's ambassadorial nominees won narrow approval from  the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
