World leaders sent Japan messages of condolences after Emperor Hirohito's death, but   painful memories of World War II still generated criticism of the Japanese monarch.
World leaders expressed condolences at the death of Japan's 87-year-old Emperor   Hirohito, who surrendered his country at the end of World War II, but went on to preside   over its economic rise.
An opinion piece in the Los Angeles Times, referred to the death of Emperor Hirohito as   finishing the list of political and military leaders of the World War II leaders, one of the   darkest and bloodiest eras for both Asia and Europe.
To the rest of the world, he was known as Emperor Hirohito, but in Japan his name was   rarely used.
A British Broadcasting documentary claims that U.S. prosecutors pressured Japan's   wartime prime minister into changing testimony at his trial to avoid incriminating   Emperor Hirohito in war crimes.
Emperor Hirohito of Japan has lost 40 pounds in the two months since he fell ill, but his   internal bleeding appears to have stopped.
In 1945,   after the U.S. dropped atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, Hirohito spoke out   against continuing the war and in a radio address to the nation announced Japan's   surrender.
The documentary challenges Hirohito's image as a peaceful   man, saying he must have know about the massacre of Chinese at Nanking and knew   more than a month in advance of Japan's plan to attack Pearl Harbor.
Emperor Hirohito will be remembered for one overwhelming decision during his 62-year   reign.
Hirohito, who became emperor in 1926 at the age of 25, is generally portrayed as having   played no significant role in Japan's military adventures in the 30's and 40's.
Emperor Hirohito of Japan has been bedridden for a month with an intestinal   hemorrhage.
The Philippine foreign secretary   praised Hirohito as a stabilizing factor in post-war Japan.
Hirohito's role during the war was   never clear but he was worshiped in Japan as a god.
His son, Akihito   succeeded Emperor Hirohito and has chosen the name Heisei.
Japan must surrender for the first time in its history and end World War II.
Emperor Hirohito left $13.06 million in taxable property.
The author finds it hard to believe   that a man in Hirohito's position and with his influence, had nothing to do with Japanese   aggression.
