Rabbi Marvin Hier, Chairman of the Simon Wisenthal Center, has asked to meet with   West Germany's Chancellor Kolh and East Germany's Prime Minister Modrow to   discuss "the great fear that German reunification brings to the community of victims of   Nazism."
If the two Germanys unite before the West German election in   December, the growing number of Social Democratic voters in what is today East   Germany--presuming they could vote in December--could easily tip the balance away   from the Christian Democrats, pushing Kohl out of government leadership.
Count Otto Lambsdorff, head of   West Germany's Free Democratic Party, acknowledging Gorbachev's "more positive   attitude" urged "economic union" within 18 months as a prelude to full union of East and   West Germany.
Although the Communists admit that East Germany's socialist   system has failed, many East German's are seeking a new "democratic socialism" within   a multi-party system.
The Bundesbank, Germany's independent central bank, is resisting political pressure   from the German government and the governments and central banks of Europe to cut   interest rates in order to ease large German deficits and inflationary pressures.
As President Bush and Soviet President Gorbachev prepare for a shipboard summit off   Malta on Saturday, Chancellor Helmut Kohl assured visiting U.S. senators that West   Germany would not forsake NATO to reunite with East Germany.
Soviet President Gorbachev after meeting with East German Premier Modrow on   Tuesday appeared to be more open toward eventual German reunification.
West German Finance Minister Theo Waigel said that East Germany is   rapidly approaching insolvency.
West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl declared on his return from meeting with   President Gorbachev in Moscow that "the way is now free" for German unification.
Soviet President Gorbachev said he believed one Germany was likely in the future, but   that Germans "should not decide this important question in the streets", referring to the   growing number of demonstrations in East Germany.
Some right-wing West German politicians have called for recovering the 40,000 square   miles of territory that Germany lost to Poland at the end of World War II.
Poland's Solidarity Government's first definitive statement on the issue of a reunified   German state said such a state "must be formed gradually and respect Poland's borders".
