Hurricane Gilbert, packing 110mph winds and torrential rain, moved over the Jamaican   capital city of Kingston today after skirting Puerto Rico, Haiti and the Dominican   Republic.
On Wednesday, Hurricane Gilbert, a category 5 storm, the strongest and deadliest type,   slammed into the Yucatan Peninsula with 160mph winds causing heavy damage to the   resort areas of Cancun and Cozumel.
At 3 p.m. EDT, the center of Hurricane Gilbert was about 100 miles south of the   Dominican Republic and 425 miles east of Kingston, Jamaica.
The Dominican Republic's Civil Defense   alerted that country's heavily populated south coast and the National Weather Service in   San Juan, Puerto Rico issued a flood watch for Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands until at   least 6 p.m. Sunday.
Jamaica's popular north coast is not expected to receive as   much damage as the south coast, where officials urged residents to seek higher ground.
Hurricane Gilbert slammed into Kingston, Jamaica on Monday, with torrential rains and   115mph winds that ripped roofs off buildings, uprooted trees, downed power lines and   did heavy damage to the airport and parked aircraft.
Earlier the storm killed 19 people in Jamaica and 5 in the   Dominican Republic.
The National Hurricane Center in Miami reported its position at 2 a.m. Sunday to   be about 140 miles south of Puerto Rico and 200 miles southeast of Santo Domingo.
The National Hurricane  Center said the storm is still gaining strength.
Tropical Storm Gilbert in the eastern Caribbean strengthened into a hurricane Saturday   night.
About one   out of six of the 50 to 60 low-pressure troughs moving west out of Africa each year   develop into a higher level storm.
It's tropical-storm force winds extend up to 250 miles to the north and 100   miles to the south.
Hal Gerrish, a forecaster with the National Hurricane Center said it is   one of the larger systems seen in the Caribbean for a long time.
In Puerto Rico the storm tore off several roofs, caused   coastal flooding and brought down trees and power lines in the southwest region.
The already record-setting storm is expected to intensify as it   leaves the Yucatan and again moves over water.
It is   moving westward at 15mph with a broad area of cloudiness and heavy weather with   sustained winds of 75mph gusting to 92mph.
