Strikes in the Soviet Union by thousands of coal miners and other workers have shut down more   than 200 mines and factories in the country's two top coal-producing regions: the Donetsk region   of the Ukraine and Siberia's Kuzretsk Basin.
A one-day coal miners' strike in Kazakhstan and the Ukraine has spread to all of the country's   major coal regions.
Coal miners in Siberia ended their strike today after exacting promises of better food, housing   and working conditions.
Miners in the northern Vorkuta region are expanding their strike and blocking coal shipments,   demanding the government fulfill promises of improved living and job conditions.
An estimated 200,000 black gold and coal miners in South Africa are expected to begin a strike   for higher wages and better working conditions.
In Yenakiyevo in the Donetsk Oblast, miners at six coal production association and pits went on   strike demanding payment of wage arrears.
Romanians are   opposed to the miners' wage demand, the mines are not considered a vital source of energy, and   the miners are in danger of pricing their coal out of the market.
Workers at KGHM in Lubin, Poland's copper producing combine went on strike yesterday as   coal-mining unions staged token stoppages in a third of the country's pits in a major challenge to   the government's economic policies.
First, "real sovereignty" for the 15 Soviet Republics;   second, more power for the Federation Council which includes republic presidents; and finally,   they want a "low on property" defining what belongs to the government and allow private   ownership of land and industry, including some mines.
Port workers in Szczecin and miners at the Morcinek mine declared sympathy strikes in support   of strikers at the nearby July Manifesto mine in Jastrzebie who are demanding the legalization of   Solidarity and raised pay wages.
Workers at the Rudna copper mine near Wroclaw staged a protest rally Monday to demand   improved safety conditions and the return to work of Solidarity activists barred Saturday from   working.
More than 10,000 coal miners in West Virginia, Virginia, Pennsylvania, Indiana, and Kentucky   were off the job today to express sympathy for miners in Virginia and West Virginia.
In the Arctic   Circle coal-mining districts, miners do not see daylight for months because of their underground   work and the sun dips below the horizon in winter.
