Indian border guards fired on hundreds of Pakistanis who tried to cross a  cease-fire line separating the Pakistan-controlled part of Kashmir from that  held by India.
Kashmir militants had earlier campaigned to join Pakistan  because of its predominately Moslem population but now they wish  independence and status as a neutral country.
The kidnap victims were the Vice Chancellor  of Kashmir University and the general manager of Hindustan Machine Tools Co.  A spokesman for the Students Liberation Front, a branch of the Jammu-Kashmir  Liberation Front said those two and another hostage would be killed within  24 hours unless three jailed militants were released.
Moslem militants killed five more people in their fight for independence  from predominantly Hindu India bringing the total killed since January 20th  to at least 195.
Relations were strained between India and Pakistan after Indian  troops launched a crackdown on Moslem separatists in Jammu-Kashmir.
Moslem militants kidnapped two prominent Kashmir residents and threatened to  kill them in retaliation for the killing of six militants crossing into  Pakistan for arms and training.
Police had imposed a 24-hour curfew to quell the violence resulting from the  militants, led by the Jammu-Kashmir Liberation Front, holding anti-India  demonstrations.
Moslem militants had earlier demanded  union with Pakistan, but more recently are demanding independence for  Kashmir and the status of a neutral nation.
A fluid 840-mile cease-fire line separates  the Indian and Pakistan parts of Kashmir.
The president of the Pakistan state of  Kashmir said that Kashmiris have begun smuggling arms to Moslem insurgents  fighting for independence from India.
Indian frontier guards killed 20 Moslem militants and arrested nine others  who were sneaking into Kashmir from Pakistan.
Fighting between police and Moslem separatists in Srinagar, the summer  capital of the Jammu-Kashmir state killed at least 21 and wounded 100.
The Indian government imposed direct federal rule in Kashmir where their  security forces are battling to put down rebellion by Moslem separatists.
India accuses  Pakistan of supporting Moslem secessionists in Kashmir by providing arms and  training, a charge Pakistan denies.
Sixty-four percent of the  population of Jammu-Kashmir, India's only predominantly Moslem state are  Moslems.
A Pakistani soldier became the first military casualty during the recent  unease on the Kashmir border when he was shot in the leg at the cease-fire  line.
