Pinatubo, are among the few still at Clark Air Base after the base was   evacuated Monday in the wake of Pinatubo's eruption.
Clark Air Force Base, one of the largest U.S. installations overseas, is ten miles from the   mountain.
Philippine President Aquino dismissed as a fabrication a report that said   she had been warned volcanic damage could case a nuclear incident at Clark.
Mount Pinatubo erupted Sunday, the first eruption in over 600 years, shooting out gases,   rock and ash.
Pinatubo today, with the first coming at 8:40 A.M. A huge   plume of ash rose from the mountain.
Pinatubo Friday, spreading ash over Clark, and as far away as   Manila.
An aerial gunnery range at Clark Air Base was covered   with ash.
Wednesday's eruptions caused U.S. officials to order further evacuations from Clark Air   Base.
The volcano may already have done its worst, but a Geological Survey spokesman in   California says the volcano's activity is increasing in a way that suggests a massive   eruption is imminent.
Friday's blasts were part of the same eruption, the largest since Pinatubo awoke   Sunday from a 600-year slumber.
Philippine Civil Defense officials evacuated more than 19,000 from villages within a 12-   mile radius of Pinatubo.
Those left behind to guard the base and service sensitive communications   equipment when most left Monday were told to leave.
Residents of Angeles, a city of 300,000 thousand, panicked when the gray-green cloud   turned day into night.
A massive eruption could cause searing avalanches that would   completely cover Clark.
Naval Base at Subic Bay, 50 miles from Clark.
Pinatubo late Wednesday and early today.
The U.S. military began flying home some of the 28,000 Americans crowded into Subic   Bay Naval Base.
Six eruptions rocked Mt.
Three major new eruptions rocked Mt.
Five explosions shook Mt.
Five scientists of the United States Geological Survey, now located in a bunker 12 miles   east of Mt.
Pinatubo, but quickly weakened to a tropical storm.
Rain last night raised the additional fear of   mudslides.
In that case, even personnel caught in a cloud of ash would   perish.
One eruption was so strong that it sent   seismograph needles off the chart.
Eruptions continued today, leaving the mountain enshrouded in thick gray   clouds that rose to 12,000 feet.
