Moslem separatists, armed with Chinese-designed AK-47 rifles, killed two Indian   paramilitary troops on Thursday as violence continues in the India state of Jammu-  Kashmir.
Moslem separatists kidnapped an Indian businessman and an educator on Friday, one day   after Indian authorities killed six separatists as they attempted to cross the Kashmir   border into Pakistan.
At least 1,034 people have been killed since India began a crackdown   on Moslem separatists in its Jammu-Kashmir state in January.
This was the second   Pakistani demonstration to show support for the Moslem separatist movement in India's   state of Jammu-Kashmir.
India had increased patrols, claiming Moslem separatists were going into Pakistan for   training and arms and infiltrating back into the trouble India state of Jammu-Kashmir.
Moslem militants in   India's Jammu-Kashmir state are seeking independence for the state.
The front is one a several groups leading a bloody campaign to gain independence   for Jammu-Kashmir, the only Moslem majority state in India.
A leader of the Moslem separatist movement, the Jammu-Kashmir Liberation Front, was   killed by police gunfire in downtown Srinagar on Friday.
An Tuesday, the Indian army sent reinforcements of tanks and troops to the Kashmir   frontier, the location of recent clashes with Pakistani troops and cause the of two past   wars.
Exotic Kashmir has become a war zone where Moslem separatists are seeking   independence from predominately Hindu India.
Moslem militants in Jammu-Kashmir State were involved in several incidents on   Wednesday, killing three soldiers in a truck with a bomb, shooting a suspected informer,   and engaging in three sniper battles.
Kashmir, predominately   Moslem, was divided between India and Moslem Pakistan in 1947.
Indian frontier guards killed 20 Moslem militants as they crossed the border from   Pakistan on Monday, according to an Indian official.
India and Pakistan have already fought two wars over the area and talks between the two   countries began today in Islamabad to try to mend current relations.
Jammu-Kashmir is India's only Moslem-majority state.
A caller, claiming to represent the student branch of the Jammu-  Kashmir Liberation Front, told reporters that a third hostage also was held and all three   would be killed unless three jailed militants were released by Monday afternoon.
Moslem militants   are demanding that the state of Jammu-Kashmir become independent or part of Moslem   Pakistan.
