San Francisco quarterback Joe Montana set several Super   Bowl records; five touchdown passes; 13 straight pass completions; a third Super Bowl MVP   award.
The Los Angeles Sports Council, in a bid to bring Super Bowl XXVII to the Rose Bowl in 1993,   will offer the stadium rent free to the National Football League along with all income from   concessions and sales of novelty items.
Bush was presented with autographed footballs by Montana and wide receiver Jerry Rice, who   won the game's MVP award; a Super Bowl ring by team owner Danny DeBartolo; and a 49ers   jogging outfit by Coach Bill Walsh.
Despite the low rating, about 108.5 million watched the game, making it the ninth most-watched   TV show ever behind eight Super Bowls and the final episode of MASH.
CBS estimates 109 million viewers, down only 2 million from last year, despite the fact that this   year's match was a blowout and resulted in the lowest rating since Super Bowl III in 1969.
It was the fifth straight win for a National Football Conference team and the third Super Bowl   win for Coach Bill Walsh.
Miller's 12-week pre-Super Bowl campaign will center on a football game between a "Tastes   Great" team and a "Less Filling" squad featuring NFL players.
The winning team will receive permanent possession of the Vince Lombardi Trophy, named   after the late coach Vince Lombardi of the two-time Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers.
Henry Carley, president of Tampa's local chapter of the NAACP, is co-chairman of one of the   feature events of Super Bowl week, the Bambaleo Parade, an extravaganza with marching bands,   a street festival, and floats.
The Super Bowl Task Force this year named two black men to head a community-relations   committee.
One big change for   tickets to sporting events like the Super Bowl: only 80% of the face value of such tickets can be   deducted and there must be a "substantial and bona fide business discussion" before, during, or   after the game.
The nation's two largest brewers, Anheuser Busch Cos., Inc. and Miller Brewing Co., are   gearing up to sell their beer by staging mock football games in television commercials in   conjunction with Super Bowl XXIV.
