On Sunday an anti-American newspaper in Iran blamed the United States for  tens of   thousands of deaths in last week's earthquake, claiming that because of the U.S.'s   plundering of Iran's oil and other resources for 25 years, Iran's national wealth was not   applied to development of  "advanced (anti-seismic) building construction systems."
Shahin Gobadi, spokesman for the People's Mojahedin of Iran, claims that the Islamic   Republic of Iran is purposely underreporting the number of casualties from Thursday's   massive earthquake (7.3-7.7 on the Richter scale) out of a fear of political backlash.
The earthquake that hit Iran early Thursday exacted particularly large casualties   because people were asleep in fragile homes built on a flood plain of loosely deposited   soil that shifts in an earthquake.
Countries around the world, both friendly and hostile to Irans' Islamic government, sent   help to Iran where 40,000 people died in the earthquake Thursday.
Donations for Iranian earthquake   relief may also be sent to the Red Cross, UNICEF, Bank Meli Iran, and the Adventist   Development and Relief Agency.
The earthquake which   hit northern Iran Thursday with a magnitude of 7.3-7.7  killed at least 35,000 and left   400,000 homeless.
Iran's neighbor, Soviet Azerbaijan, sent tons of   food and contributed more than $500,000 to a special earthquake fund.
The estimated 50,000 deaths from the earthquake which hit Iran last Thursday would    make it the fourth deadliest earthquake worldwide in the last fifty years.
The quake, measuring 7.7 on the Richter scale, hit a   mountainous section of coastal Iran at 12:30 a.m. and was the most powerful ever   recorded in that area where two major plates of the earth's crust meet.
The 25,000-strong Iranian community in San Diego has responded quickly to the   earthquake that hit northern Iran on Wednesday, California time.
Speaking before a rally today across the street from the White House in Washington,   Gobadi claimed that while Iran has reported 36,000 dead, he has received estimates   closer to 100,000.
Iran today welcomed earthquake relief from its bitter enemy, the United States, but   specified that aid should be channeled through the Red Cross and Red Crescent.
Rushdie, in   hiding because of the Iranian leadership's threat to his life, declared, "It's quite clear   that at the moment, we should be thinking only of the humanitarian issue, which   transcends all other discussion."
