The annual Booker ballyhoo got going yesterday when the judges for this year's #20,000 prize   for British (and Commonwealth) fiction announced the shortlist.
The shortlist of six for the #20,000 Booker Prize for fiction prompted the publishing industry to   comment that some on the list "are B-team writers at best" and that others "don't make the   grade".
Japanese writer Kazuo Ishiguro won the 1989 Booker Prize, Britain's top literary award, for his   novel, "The Remains of the Day", a love story about a butler's English vacation.
After hours of deliberation last night, the #20,000 Booker Prize for fiction, as it always has in its   26-year history, provoked controversy when it went to James Kelman for "How Late It Was,   How Late", the story of a Scottish lowlife narrated in Glaswegian dialect.
Critic and novelist Antonia Byatt won the Booker Prize, Britain's most prestigious literary award   for "Possession", one of the year's six finalists in the 21-year old competition.
America has the Pulitzer Prize for fiction and the National Book Awards but in terms of   excitement, hoopla, and man-on-the-street interests, there's nothing akin to the #15,000   ($26,000) Booker Prize.
Australian novelist Peter Carey was awarded the Booker Prize for fiction Tuesday for his mid-  19th century Australian love story, "Oscar and Lucinda".
The prize is no longer the   richest literary award but it guarantees great prestige and sales for the winner and brings the   novel to public attention.
The Booker Prize, Britain's literary event of the year is guaranteed to boost sales of the chosen   novel.
Six novels have been nominated for the Booker Prize, Britain's most prestigious fiction award.
This week, the shortlist for the hypothetical 1894 Booker Prize consists of six classic and   bestseller books, which stirred the fin de siecle world and remain compelling today.
After receiving the prize, Ishiguro paid tribute to Salmon Rushdie, the 1988 runner-up for the   award, who went into hiding in February when threatened with death by Moslems who said his   novel, "The Satanic Verses" blasphemed their faith.
There is a team of judges, odds are given with reviews,   the list is narrowed to the top six, and the winner announced on the last Thursday in October.
A panel of five judges, who   unanimously announced the award of the $26,250 prize, made their selection from 102 books   published in Britain in the last 12 months and which they read in their homes.
