A representative of the African National Congress said the South African government   would soon release Nelson Mandela from prison.
Mandela, the leader of the African national Congress, met with South African President   Botha this month Mandela was imprisoned in 1962 when he was sentenced to 5 years   for illegally leaving the country and organizing a strike.
Winnie Mandela, wife of African National Congress leader, Nelson Mandela was   convicted of kidnapping and sentenced to six years in prison.
New York City mayor, Dinkins, warned Jewish groups against protesting the visit of   South African anti-apartheid leader Nelson Mandela, saying the visit might insult the   black community.
A South African government   source indicated the rumors of Mandela's release were orchestrated by the anti-apartheid   movement to pressure the government.
South Africa's white-  minority government says it will free Mandela, only if he renounces the use of violence   by forces seeking political power for blacks in the country.
A 3-year campaign that has succeeded in getting Northwestern to award an honorary   degree to jailed South African nationalist leader, Nelson Mandela has raised objections   from some faculty and students.
Mandela, who was released from prison after 27 years, for   opposing the white South African government is negotiating with President de Klerk to   end apartheid.
South African black leader, Nelson Mandela, who has been imprisoned for 27 years,   celebrated his 71st birthday with a large family gathering.
British   Commonwealth leaders said that the South African government must guarantee   Mandela's safety and the Commonwealth must sustain its pressure against apartheid.
Four imprisoned African National Congress leaders, convicted in 1964 with Nelson   Mandela, were allowed to visit him at his isolated prison house.
World leaders welcomed South Africa's announcement of Nelson Mandela's impending   release from prison.
Mayor Dinkins called   Mandela a modern-day Moses, leading the people of South Africa from enslavement.
Nelson Mandela has dominated the fight for black rights in South Africa for most of his   life.
New York Governor, Mario Cuomo said the United States needs to continue to   support the needs of South Africa and New Jersey Governor Florio said Mandela's visit   reaffirmed our commitment to equality of all people.
Mandela, 70, was jailed for life 27   years ago for conspiring to overthrow the government of South Africa.
