The transactions,    involved Mr. Michael Stoney, a senior executive in a number of Maxwell companies, as   well as Kevin and Ian Maxwell, two sons of the late Robert Maxwell.
In other changes, Maxwell's son, Ian, will resign   his post as managing director at Maxwell Communication to become deputy chairman of   Mirror group.
In writs filed in the State Supreme court in Manhattan, trustees for   Mirror Group Newspapers Pension Scheme and Maxwell Communications Corporation Works   Pension scheme are seeking more than 100m for the sale of shares plus interest as well as   commission charges and punitive damages.
The Financial Times has obtained documents showing that the late Robert Maxwell and   his son Kevin were intimately involved in substantial purchases of shares in Maxwell   Communications Corporation.
His son Maxwell, who is the publisher of the Daily Mirror, and another son, Ian, are under   court order to tell what they know about the affairs of Bishopsgate Investment Management, Ltd,   one of the 40 companies owned by their father.
Others suggested that Maxwell might be trying for USA Today as a way to   further his efforts to print and distribute his pan-European English-language newspaper, The   European.
Malcolm Pein, master chess player and director of chess and bridge, told of Maxwell's   support of the game when he sponsored a section of the World Chess championships in New   York.
In an effort to raise funds, Maxwell Communications Corporation made late payments on the   foreign market.
The opening of a musical about the late Robert Maxwell may be delayed if the attorney general,   Sir Nicholas Lyell QC has his way.
He has applied to the high court for an injunction to halt the   production, fearing that it would prejudice the trial against Maxwell's two sons, Kevin and Ian.
Maxwell declined to identify the newspaper, but speculation   centered on USA Today, the New York Daily News, or the Chicago Sun-Times.
The announcement of the sale follows Maxwell's takeover of the   unprofitable New York Daily News.
The late Robert Maxwell was a strong supporter of chess and a chess set was always set up in his   office.
British publisher Robert Maxwell plans to sell 45 to 49 percent of its shares in Mirror   Group Ltd. in Britain.
