Saddam Hussain accused Kuwait and the UAE of flooding the oil market and driving   prices down, costing Iraq $14 billion; Kuwait of stealing oil from Iraqi border wells; and   Persian Gulf Arab states of conspiring with the US and Israel to weaken Iraq.
Iraqi   President Saddam Hussain said Kuwait was stealing oil and forcing down prices through   overproduction and Kuwaiti revolutionaries requested that Iraq invade, which Kuwait   denies.
Japan and Cyprus, highly dependent on Middle East petroleum, and non-member   Switzerland joined the UN-sanctioned boycott of oil from Iraq and Kuwait to convince   Iraq to withdraw troops from Kuwait.
Iraq's deputy UN representative says Iraq has no objective concerning its invasion of   Kuwait and wishes only cordial relations with it.
Iraq accused Kuwait of stealing oil   from wells along the Iraqi border.
Iraq's puppet government in Kuwait threatened Sunday to hold hostage citizens of   countries imposing sanctions on Iraq after Thursday's invasion of Kuwait.
Following tensions caused by Iraqi accusations that Kuwait stole Iraqi oil and exceeded   OPEC production quotas to drive down prices, 100,000 Iraqi  troops entered Kuwait at   dawn, seizing the palace and government buildings.
Kuwait   suggested Iraq wanted to eliminate Iran-Iraq War debts.
Kuwait suggested Iraq was trying to write off its Iran-  Iraq War debts.
Kuwait supported Iraq and reflagged   tankers in the US, prompting the US Navy's arrival in the Persian Gulf, a US goal.
One   reason Iraq invaded Kuwait was its demand that Iraq pay back billions loaned during the   war Saddam says he fought for all Arabs.
Iraqi President Saddam Hussain accused Kuwait and the UAE of flooding the oil market   and driving prices down, costing Iraq $14 billion.
By a 13-0 vote (Cuba and Yemen abstaining), the UN approved trade and military   sanctions against Iraq, including a ban on oil purchases, as punishment for invading   Kuwait.
Iraq reacted by rounding up Britons, Americans and West Germans in Kuwait,   taking some to Iraq.
One reason for invading Kuwait was Kuwaiti reluctance to slow its oil flow to   create higher prices, which Iraq was pressing for to rebuild its war-damaged economy   and settle $80 billion in foreign debts.
By July 31st, Iraq had 100,000 troops on Kuwait's border.
