Iraqi troops, led by the elite Republican Guard invaded Kuwait early today as Iraq   claimed it was responding to the request from "the interim government of free Kuwait" to   defend the revolution and the Kuwaiti people.
Kuwait's ambassador to the   U.S. appealed for U.S. intervention and the State Department labeled Iraq's claim of   responding to the request of an "interim free government" in Kuwait as a "patent fraud."
Meanwhile the tens of   thousands of Iraqi troops massed near Kuwait's border with Saudi Arabia gave no sign   of movement and as U.S., French and British warships steamed toward the Persian   Gulf, President Bush said Friday that an Iraqi move against Saudi Arabia would be   attacking U.S. "vital interests".
Tension increased July 24-25 as the   U.S. announced a "short-notice exercise" in the Persian Gulf, Kuwait declared a state of   alert, and Iraq defied U.S. pressure.
The tension commenced when Iraq massed troops on the Kuwaiti border in a   dispute over an oil field and Kuwait's violation of OPEC oil quotas.
Although Bush has refused to rule out military action, it seems unlikely in view of Iraq's   military strength, the limited U.S. forces nearby and the opposition to U.S. intervention   from other countries in the area.
The Iraqi-installed government of Kuwait told other   countries to refrain from taking "punishing measures" against it or Iraq and threatened   that they "have to remember they have interests and citizens in Kuwait."
Responding to U.N. Security Council trade and military sanctions, Iraq today rounded   up hundreds of foreign nationals in Kuwait.
(The Iraqi-installed Kuwait government had   earlier told foreign countries not to forget their citizens in Kuwait while punishing Iraq.)
The new Iraqi-installed government of Kuwait claimed that Iraqi troops began a pullout   from Kuwait Sunday, but the United States doesn't believe it.
Tension eased somewhat when Iraq and Kuwait   agreed to meet for discussions, but when they met on July 31 Iraq massed 100,000   troops on the border facing Kuwait's 20,000-strong armed forces.
Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's occupation of Kuwait reflects his  need to escape   from economic and social problems arising from the eight-year war with Iran.
Iraq's invasion followed its accusation that   Kuwait stole oil from a disputed border area and exceeded OPEC production quotas.
