Dave Johnson of the US clinched the decathlon gold medal in the final event  of the World University Games.
Canadian Ben Johnson had rocketed to a world record performance over  US sprinter Carl Lewis in the 100 meter but was stripped of the gold medal  when he tested positive for anabolic steroid use.
Diver Greg Louganis won a second pair of gold medals after a  springboard accident, track star Florence Griffith Joyner won three golds  and a silver medal, and her sister-in-law, Jackie Joiner-Kersee won two  golds.
US speed skaters won gold, silver, and bronze with  Bonnie Blair taking both a gold and a Bronze.
Milan Bakes, a lieutenant in the Czech army set a world record in the  kneeling portion of the three position rifle competition en route to a gold  medal at the 1990 World Cup USA Olympic-style shooting tournament in Chino,  California.
Debi Thomas, the US hope for a figure skating gold medal in the 1988 Winter  Olympics, was disappointed when the Gold went to Germany's Katarina Witt and  the Silver to Canadian Elizabeth Manley.
The late Jesse Owens, hero of the 1936 Berlin Olympics where he exploded the  Hitler myth of Aryan superiority, was honored at a White House ceremony when  President Bush presented the Congressional Gold Medal to his widow, Ruth  Owens.
Florence Griffith Joyner is on target to become only the second woman to win  four gold medals in track and field events in a single Olympics.
The Soviet  hockey team had it first loss of the Games at the hands of Finland  but  still managed to win the gold while Finland won the Silver.
Jasna Sekaric  of Yugoslavia won her second gold in the women's air pistol event winning  over a South Korean, appropriately named Bang, and a West German.
The Games also saw  increasing anti-American sentiment by the host Koreans because of perceived  rudeness of the US team and NBC coverage of events.
Bush cited Owens' four gold medals at the Berlin Games as "a victory  for humanity".
The 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul had no terrorist acts but was marred by  drug use, most notably by Canadian sprinter Ben Johnson, and bad behavior by  a few athletes.
If successful in those events, she would match the quadruple gold  medal performance by American Carl Lewis in 1984 and Fanny Blankers-Koen of  the Netherlands in 1948.
