Relatives of the 47 victims killed in the No.2 gun explosion aboard the Iowa last   Wednesday were among the 6000 people who attended a memorial at Norfolk Naval Air   Station on Monday.
The Navy has imposed a moratorium on firing the 16-inch guns on the Iowa and its three   sister battleships, as investigators begin searching for the cause of the explosion on the   Iowa that claimed 47.
At least 47 crewmen died today in an explosion in one of three giant WWII-era gun   turrets on the battleship Iowa.
Eleven people inside the turret, all on the lowest deck loading powder from the   ship's magazines, survived, the Navy said.
The USS Iowa steamed home from Puerto Rico on Friday with investigators on board   interviewing crewmen and reviewing a videotape of the explosion taken by an Iowa   officer who was recording the firing of the big guns.
Retired Adm. Eugene LaRocque of the Center for Defense Information said Thursday   that the 16-inch guns on the Iowa, which can fire a 2,700 pound shell a distance of 20   miles are "old-fashioned and inherently dangerous."
2   gun turret on the USS Iowa Wednesday have been autopsied.
The Navy won't speculate on the cause of the explosion, but Sunday's New York Times   cited unidentified sources saying that it occurred while the 550-pound propellant bags   were being loaded into the gun.
Larry Seaquist, former commander of the Iowa, defended the gun, saying it is   "[the] finest naval gun in the world and it is still a front-line system."
Members of the Senate Armed Services Committee said Friday the panel will hold   hearings on the explosion which occurred during open seas gun practice 300 miles north   of Puerto Rico.
Alan Dooley said Sunday that it could take months before the   investigation into the cause of the explosion that killed 47 aboard the battleship USS   Iowa is completed and the results made public.
Meanwhile, Navy investigators aboard the Iowa are reviewing   a videotape of the explosion taken by an officer who was recording the firing of the big   guns.
The bodies of 47 sailors killed in the Iowa gun explosion arrived at Dover AFB,   Delaware on Thursday.
