In some other events:  Julius Kariuki of Kenya won the men's 10,000-meter   race; Romania won four golds in rowing and two in track and field; Reggie Davis won   the gold for the U.S. in the 400-meter hurdles; Ana Quirot of Cuba won the women's   400-meter race and Jaime Jefferson of Cuba won the men's long jump.
Johnson trailed Mikhail Medved of the Soviet   Union by 11 points before the 1,500-meter race, the final event of the two-day   competition.
Milan Bakes of Czechoslovakia, 27, set a world record in the kneeling portion of the   three-position rifle competition on Friday at the 1990 World Cup USA Olympic-style   shooting tournament.
Griffith   Joyner has a chance to match the 1984 quadruple gold medal performance of U.S.   sprinter and long jumper Carl Lewis, and by Fanny Blanker-Koen of the Netherlands in   1948.
Dave Johnson of the United States clinched the decathlon gold medal in the final event at   the World University Games on Sunday.
The United States' Debi Thomas' dream of Olympic gold crumbled Saturday as East   Germany's Katarina Witt won her second straight Olympic championship and Canadian   Elizabeth Manley took home the silver.
The U.S. also captured three speed-skating   medals, a gold, silver and bronze.
Thomas, of San Jose, Calif., the first black to win a U.S. figure skating crown   and the 1986 world champion, skated poorly Saturday after doing well earlier in the   games.
In Thursday's   200-meter race, she dashed to her second gold in 21.34 seconds, shattering the world   mark she had set 90 minutes earlier in her semifinal heat.
The 1988 Summer Olympics may well be remembered for the glory enjoyed by U.S.   diver Greg Louganis and the disgrace experienced by Canadian sprinter Ben Johnson.
A big Olympic negative was the stripping of the   gold medal from Canadian sprinter Ben Johnson because of drug use.
East Germany's athletes won nine golds, 25 overall;    while Switzerland's team came in third in both gold, five, and overall with 15.
Francoise Decharne of France won the women's air rifle   competition, Young Jin of South Korea was second and Deena Wigger of the U.S. third.
Johnson had his gold medal and world record   stripped because of drug use.
