Five hours after shuttle Discovery's launch Tuesday carrying the Hubble Space   Telescope, delayed since 1983, Hubble sent its first signal.
The shuttle Discovery is to lift off from Kennedy Space Center at 8:31am EDT Tuesday   with five astronauts and the $1.5 billion Hubble Space Telescope.
Shuttle Discovery is to launch from Kennedy Space Center at 8:31am EDT today, climb   a record 380 miles, and place the Hubble Space Telescope in orbit.
Discovery astronauts launched the $1.5 billion Hubble Space Telescope on its 97.3-  minute, 380-mile-high orbit around Earth at 12:38pm PDT today, one orbit late.
Discovery  will boost the $1.5-billion Hubble Space Telescope into orbit.
On Wednesday, Discovery's robot arm grasped the $1.5 billion, 12-ton Hubble Space  Telescope, NASA's most expensive unmanned spacecraft, and hoisted   it into space.
Discovery's five-member crew--Commander   Loren Shriver, co-pilot Charles Bolden, Steven Hawley, Bruce McCandless, and Kathryn   Sullivan--plan to launch Hubble Wednesday.
The shuttle that put the Hubble Space Telescope into orbit carried the eyepiece from   Mount Wilson Observatory's 100-inch Hooker Telescope, constructed in 1918.
This morning controllers took the $1.5 billion Hubble Space Telescope out of safe mode,   in which its own computers and sensors guide its operation in case contact is lost.
At 3:38pm EDT Wednesday, Steven Hawley released the Hubble Space Telescope from    shuttle Discovery's mechanical arm.
Countdown clocks resumed ticking at 3pm Saturday for the shuttle Discovery's delayed   launch at 5:31am PDT Tuesday, 14 days after a take-off was canceled because of a faulty   hydraulic power steering unit.
NASA must launch Discovery by Saturday   or wait eight days to recharge Hubble's batteries.
It carries the $1.5   billion Hubble Space Telescope, 10 times sharper than the largest Earth telescopes.
Discovery will aim for an altitude of 380 miles, the highest a shuttle   has ever gone, to place Hubble in orbit above Earth's distorting atmosphere.
Hubble's   94.5-inch mirror is to be exposed to starlight Friday, after Hubble's maneuverability is   tested to ensure the mirror can stay pointed away from the sun.
Hubble   cost $1.5 billion, with spare parts, training, and software $500 million more, and   maintenance in space $200 million yearly for 15 years.
After Hubble's deployment Wednesday,   Discovery stayed close in case of trouble but plans to return to Earth Sunday.
