Wednesday also was   the 90th birthday of Bernstein's close friend, Aaron Copland, and the 36th anniversary of   Bernstein's first TV broadcast.
Bernstein's announcement dismayed the music world, especially at the New   York Philharmonic which he conducted 1,244 times and is designated the laureate   conductor for life.
Bernstein had been scheduled to conduct the   London Symphony Orchestra in four performances in Japan and appear with young   musicians during the Pacific Music Festival.
Stars will attend the August 70th birthday bash for conductor Leonard Bernstein at the   Tanglewood Music Center, where he got his start.
The New York Philharmonic began its Leonard Bernstein memorial concert series   tonight, four days after his death.
The shimmering performance, the 1,215th time   he conducted this orchestra, consisted of three Bernstein compositions--"Chichester   Psalms", a serenade, and a symphony.
Leonard Bernstein, the first internationally acclaimed American maestro, was buried   privately today beside his wife at Greenwood Cemetery in Brooklyn.
He inaugurated the festival last month,   believed to be the first festival in Asia where young musicians can train with a   professional orchestra.
Bernstein, a successful composer, was the first American conductor respected throughout   the world.
Tom Tugend paid tribute to Leonard Bernstein in his Letter to the Editor of the Los   Angles Times.
Musical director Zubin Mehta and Larry Kert, who first played   Tony in Bernstein's "West Side Story", praised him today.
Beverly Sills, Lauren Bacall, Betty Comden, and Phyllis Newman will appear at the   Leonard Bernstein Gala Birthday Performance in August.
Leonard Bernstein returned to Carnegie Hall with the New York Philharmonic on   Monday, exactly 45 years after his triumphant conducting debut.
Tickets run from $20 to $5,000 to benefit the music center and Bernstein's fund for   young conductors.
Conductor Leonard Bernstein has cancelled several performances in Japan due to   exhaustion and lingering illness.
His son, Alexander, delivered an affectionate talk,   while Michael Wager, a very close friend at the end, spoke movingly about Bernstein's   final illness.
Another measure of grief over his death was the special public condolences in the   obituary section of the New York Times, where 14 separate tributes had been purchased.
Beverly Sills will be host and the resident Boston Pops Orchestra will play Bernstein's,   classical and popular masterpieces.
