Following his takeover of the unprofitable New York Daily News, British publisher Robert   Maxwell plans to raise about #250 million ($448 million) through the sale of shares in his Mirror   Group Newspaper Ltd. of Britain.
Michael Stoney, a senior executive in a number of Maxwell companies, and Kevin and Ian   Maxwell, the sons of the late Robert Maxwell, are named as the three top persons involved in at   least 28 "unusual" payments from Mirror Group Newspapers (MGN) bank accounts.
Trustees filed two writs last week in Manhattan for Mirror Group Newspaper Pension Scheme   and Maxwell Communications Corporation Works Pension Scheme.
The newspaper was not identified but there is speculation that it might be The New York Daily   News, which is struggling to restore profitability; USA Today, which would mesh with   Maxwell's efforts for the new paper The European; or the Chicago Sun-Times that has been   sliding in circulation since 1985.
The writs allege that   Goldman Sachs, the US-based investment bank, assisted in diverting currency from the two   Robert Maxwell-controlled pension schemes to ensure its own debts from Maxwell interest   would be repaid.
Two Swiss trusts, a private UK trust company and a US investment bank are under investigation   by the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) for involvement in an illegal scheme to support the Maxwell   Communication Corporation (MCC) share price.
In other changes, his son Ian, appointed Deputy chairman of Mirror Group, will resign his post   as Joint Deputy Managing Director at Maxwell Communications whose management will be   taken over by his brother Kevin.
Robert Maxwell bought Mirror Group in 1984 for #113 million and built it into one of Britain's  most profitable newspaper groups.
Robert Maxwell and his son Kevin, the owners   of MCC, are being investigated by SFO for failure to disclose purchases of shares by Swiss   Trusts as required by company law.
In a move regarded as without precedent, the attorney general will apply for an injunction to stop   the production of a West End show about the late Robert Maxwell.
British media entrepreneur Robert Maxwell, who publishes Britain's Daily Mirror, said Monday   he is involved in negotiations to buy a U.S. newspaper worth "hundreds of millions of dollars."
