President Corazon Aquino said today she will not allow ousted leader Ferdinand Marcos   to return home to die or allow his body to be buried in the Philippines.
Friday, President Corazon Aquino refused to allow Ferdinand Marcos to return to the   Philippines to die or permit his body to be buried here.
One group, in sympathy with the coup leader Lt. Col   Gregorio Honasan, held a candlelight vigil outside, then several people entered the   consulate and confronted the acting consul general.
Florencio Abad, the Philippines land reform secretary-designate, resigned on Thursday,   undermining President Corazon Aquino's commitment to agrarian reform, once the   centerpiece of her administration, and highlighting administration problems.
Aquino's national security advisor says Marcos' return is still an option, but,   although he is no longer a threat, his followers could cause disruptions.
Philippines Vice President and opposition leader Salvador H. Laurel, in Hong Kong on   Saturday, refused to condemn the armed insurrection underway in his country.
Aquino, whose government has survived six coup attempts, cited security reasons, but   said she was praying for Marcos' recovery.
President Corazon Aquino said Friday that she would not permit ousted leader Ferdinand   Marcos to be buried in the Philippines.
Noble's   uprising coincided with the release of a fact-finding report on last December's coup,   which estimated scores of involved officers are still at large and plotting.
Philippine President Corazon Aquino quickly responded to the most recent coup attempt.
His wife, Imelda, broadcast an appeal to allow his return and said she was   trying to contact the president.
Philippine President Corazon Aquino is in West Germany today seeking expanded   economic ties.
Philippine President Corazon Aquino said today she is willing to negotiate a ceasefire   with Communist guerrillas and former soldiers, reversing a long held policy.
She compared the Philippines' economic situation with that of Germany   following World War II and asked Germany to share its experiences.
Philippine President Corazon Aquino has agreed to allow Ferdinand Marcos to return so   that he can be prosecuted for stealing billions of dollars.
Although   Marco is accused of looting the nation's treasury and is under U.S. indictment, he still has   supporters in the Philippines.
Aquino rejected a call for   negotiations in July, but accepted urging on Tuesday by a pro-Aquino senator to begin   discussions.
