The tornadoes were reported in Alabama, Maryland, Delaware,   Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Mississippi, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, and South Carolina,   Major damage was caused in Huntsville, AL, where seventeen people were killed, 463 injured,   and 1,000 left homeless.
Strong winds and heavy thunderstorms caused heavy damage in the District of Columbia,   Illinois, Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania and West Virginia.
The worst damage was in Huntsville, AL when a tornado laid waste a wide   swath of the city and caused the death of seventeen people.
In Huntsville, AL a tornado slammed into a shopping district, a residential area, and a school   Wednesday, killing at least 15 people.
Thunderstorms and wind caused   heavy damage in Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and New York.
A tornado slammed into a shopping district, a residential area, and a school Wednesday in   Huntsville, AL, killing at least 14 people, injuring nearly 300 and trapping many others in cars   and homes.
Federal aid was approved Friday for tornado-ravaged Huntsville, AL where 17 died, more than   400 were injured, 80 in hospital care, and about 1,000 left homeless.
Four tornadoes pounded the Huntsville, AL area killing two people and causing injuries.
The tornado that struck Huntsville was Alabama's deadliest since a 1975 twister killed 22 people   in Birmingham.
Moving north Thursday, the storm caused damage in West Virginia, Philadelphia, Piscataway,   NJ, and caused flooding in Washington, DC.
It was one of a series that touched down Wednesday in an   arc spanning the Deep South to the Midwest causing at least 19 injuries and far-flung damage.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has allocated $1.1 billion of its   authorized $1.3 billion supplemental funding for the hurricane damage and $1.2 billion for   California's earthquake disaster.
No   damage was reported to the city's Marshall Space Flight Center and the Army's Redstone   Arsenal.
Tornado survivors told their stories after the tornado that whipped through their town of   Huntsville, Alabama.
A powerful storm system brought strong winds and heavy thunderstorms to the Northeast on   Thursday causing deaths, property damage, and flooding.
Four people were killed by a tornado in Palmetto, Georgia.
Thunderstorms with tornadoes, 100-mph winds and hail wreaked havoc across the middle   Mississippi Valley and the Southeast Wednesday.
