Following the visit to Pittsburgh, Clinton and Major will return to the White   House, where Major will spend the night, the first foreign head of state to do so since   Clinton became president.
Major succeeds   following an initial challenge to party leadership by former Defense Secretary Michael   Heseltine last week.
These remarks came as Clinton   welcomed Prime Minister John Major in Pittsburgh where Major's grandfather and father   once lived.
John Major was elected to succeed Margaret Thatcher as prime minister Tuesday night   by the Conservative party.
Major was elected leader of the Conservative   Party following the sudden resignation of Margaret Thatcher last week.
Major fell two votes short of a majority but his two opponents   quickly conceded defeat and Major was confirmed as the winner.
The Conservatives are moving to replace party leader John Major and remove him as   prime minister.
Just a year after winning the general election, a surprise to everyone, Mr. John Major   enters the second year of his term as a deeply unpopular leader.
At 47, John Major, the son of a circus performer and a high school drop out, has become   Britain's 18th and youngest prime minister.
Major and Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd both joined the race, a race in   which Thatcher endorsed Major.
Endorsed by Prime   Minister Margaret Thatcher as her successor and heir, Major will become prime minister.
His opponents, former Defense Secretary Michael Heseltine with   131 votes and Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd with 56, conceded the election to Major,   making a second ballot unnecessary.
In a display of solidarity with U.S. policy on the Persian Gulf, Prime Minister John Major   today announced that Iraqi troops have to withdraw completely from Kuwait.
John Major was elected leader of the Conservative Party today.
Recently, when asked how he had so   much empathy with agriculture, Major told an interviewer for Farm Weekly that his   father had been a farmer in 1910; 33 years before Major was born.
In an attempt to bolster his support, Cabinet ministers rallied behind Major   yesterday, insisting there would be no leadership election in the fall.
John Major's public image as a wimp may have changed following a candid interview   with Michael Brunson, ITN's political editor.
