An activist and family friend of Nelson Mandela said that four African  National Congress leaders that had been convicted along with Mandela in 1964  were allowed to visit Mandela just before Christmas.
The African National Congress representative in Canada said that the South  African government may release 70-year old Nelson Mandela from prison on  November 15th.
Mandela is imprisoned in  South Africa and the white-minority government will free him only if he  renounces the use of violence by forces seeking political power for blacks.
A campaign at Northeastern University to award an honorary degree to South  African nationalist leader Nelson Mandela has been successful.
Release of Mandela would be viewed as a move by the South  African government to win international support.
The arrival of African National Congress leader Nelson Mandela in New York  city has led to statements of praise from government officials and other  nationally known leaders and supporters.
Mandela was sentenced to life in prison 27 years ago for  conspiring to overthrow the South African apartheid government.
Dinkins said Mandela was like "a modern-day Moses leading the  people of South Africa from enslavement".
Nelson Mandela joined the African National Congress in 1944 at age 26 and  became active in black protests and civil disobedience to fight apartheid.
A government source said  that the anti-apartheid movement had orchestrated the rumors of Mandela's  pending release to pressure the government to take action.
Nelson Mandela had presided over a divided African National Congress not yet  organized for politics, in talks with the white government.
World leaders welcomed South Africa's announcement that Nelson Mandela would  be released from prison.
The Commonwealth Secretary General said that South Africa must  guarantee Mandela's safety until change there becomes irreversible.
A large family group was permitted to visit Nelson Mandela in prison on his  71st birthday.
The African National Congress notes the timing of the attack on  a man named Mandela as a "curious coincidence".
New York City mayor Dinkins warned Jewish group not to protest the coming  visit of Nelson Mandela to the city.
South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu will accept the degree for Mandela.
Mandela was celebrated outside South Africa on his 70th birthday but South  Africa banned local celebrations.
Nelson Mandela has accused  security forces of manipulating violence to derail government efforts to end  apartheid, promised by President deKlerk.
