Earlier, Iraq had moved about 100,000 troops to its Kuwaiti   border after claiming that Kuwait's production of oil beyond quotas of the OPEC cartel   had depressed the world price, thus diminishing Iraq's revenue, and that Kuwait had been   stealing oil from a field that straddles the border.
Saddam Hussein accused Kuwait of driving down oil prices by overproduction thereby   costing Iraq billions in lost revenues, of stealing Iraqi oil from a common field along their   border, and of conspiring with the U.S. and Israel to weaken Iraq.
Today, Iraq struck back by rounding up hundreds of foreign nationals in Kuwait as the   U.N. Security Council overwhelmingly approved sweeping trade and military sanctions   to punish it for invading Kuwait.
President Bush embargoed all U.S. trade with Iraq and froze that nation's assets while   refusing to rule out the use of force to rescue Kuwait from its Iraqi invaders.
Meanwhile, Kuwait's leadership is safe in Saudi Arabia and Kuwait's U.S. ambassador   has appealed for American military intervention.
Kuwait suggested that   Iraq's belligerence was to force Kuwait to forgive billions of Iraqi war debt.
Kuwait's U.N. ambassador said that   the Iraqi-installed government was employing "pure blackmail" by saying it could not   ensure the safety of foreigners if their governments support sanctions.
The crisis began on July 17 when Saddam   accused the Kuwaitis of trying to wreck his debt-ridden economy with oil overproduction   and of stealing Iraqi oil from a border oil field.
Kuwait's U.S. ambassador said the Iraqis   occupied all government buildings in the capital and were moving south toward the oil   facilities.
Kuwait's new Iraqi-installed government claimed that Iraqi troops began pulling out of   Kuwait on Sunday.
He accused Kuwait of costing Iraq   billions in lost oil revenue by exceeding OPEC assigned quotas and by "stealing" oil   from a disputed field that straddles their borders.
Iraq then amassed troops on   Kuwait's border, pulled out of talks being held in Saudi Arabia with Kuwait to resolve   issues and attacked.
The U.S. had circulated drafts of a   resolution calling for an embargo on Iraq's oil exports, an embargo on imports to Iraq,   and a halt to all arms and military supplies to Iraq.
