Gorbachev told the Russian Parliament that the government would prosecute  those responsible for the takeover and accused the Communist Party Central  Committee of panicking during the coup.
The reactionary elements staging the coup in the Soviet Union miscalculated  by thinking the issue was Mikhail Gorbachev.
The three-day coup was one of the most  tumultuous events in recent history and its failure could be a fatal blow to  efforts to thwart reform drives by Gorbachev and Yeltsin.
Gorbachev said that he and Yeltsin were  brought together by the situation and he publicly praised Yeltsin who had  attained folk-hero status by rallying hundreds of thousands of his  supporters to resist the coup.
Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev was back in power and returning to Moscow  as the collapsed coup leaders fled.
Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev prepared to return to Moscow from the  Crimea and reclaim power after the coup against him collapsed and its  leaders fled.
Soviet President Gorbachev was reinstated after the bungled coup  attempt but may become "irrelevant" and a figurehead under the new treaty.
Boris Yeltsin, the leader of the resistance to the coup is now at least the  equal, if not the master of Gorbachev.
US intelligence officers warned the White House a week before the Soviet  coup of a "real possibility" that hard-liners in the KGB or Soviet military  might try to block the signing of the new Union Treaty.
In the aftermath of the coup, Gorbachev fired his foreign minister and  acting defense minister.
At a joint appearance before the Russian parliament, Yeltsin signed a decree  suspending the activities of the Russian Communist Party as Gorbachev  stammered.
Boris Yeltsin  supported Gorbachev during the coup but the two men have different  approaches to Soviet reforms.
Speaking before the Russian Parliament, Gorbachev affirmed Yeltsin's decrees  issued during the coup as legitimate.
The  national legislature demanded Gorbachev's reinstatement and nullified the  coup leaders' emergency decrees.
Gorbachev praised Boris Yeltsin for  his role in halting the coup.
The coup's failure may open the way to further reform as the Communist Party  becomes less of a political force.
He possesses talents that Gorbachev lackes: he is close to  the Russian people and is eager to challenge the apparatus of the Communist  Party.
Gorbachev chose to ignore warnings of the hard-liners impending coup.
