State Farm Insurance Co., spokesman Jerry Parson, said the company expects   Hurricane Hugo claims as high as $400 million in South Carolina, where it insures   20% of the homes.
National Hurricane Center forecasters used computer models to track Hugo's path   into Charleston, giving people time to evacuate the South Carolina coast.
Mayor Joseph   Riley Jr., other city officials and several reporters stayed in Charleston's historic   City Hall Thursday night as the area's worst hurricane in three decades roared   through.
Late Thursday there was hope that Hugo might miss Charleston, but the storm   gathered strength as it slammed into the city packing 135 mph winds.
Kingston Historian Edwin Ford remembered the letter when   Hurricane Hugo struck the Carolinas last week, and on Wednesday a local Red   Cross chapter began collecting donations.
The storm, which caused billions in damage, claimed   17 lives in South Carolina, only two of which were in the Charleston area where   Hugo's 135 mph winds were most prevalent.
Nationwide Insurance Co., the biggest home and auto insurer in North Carolina and   the third largest insurer in South Carolina, expects storm claims near $100 million.
American International Group Inc., which insured property in Puerto Rico, the   Caribbean and the Carolinas, expects net losses related to Hugo to reduce pretax   earnings between $35 and 45 million.
State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. estimates claim payments from Hugo   will exceed $400 million in South Carolina alone.
Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley attributed the low number of fatalities from   Hurricane Hugo to residents who monitored the strength of the hurricane and   heeded evacuation warnings.
Dubbed a "killer hurricane" by Mayor Joseph Riley Jr., it is the first major   hurricane to hit the 300-year-old city since 1959.
According to an official of the American Insurance Service Group, "Hugo will be   the biggest hurricane loss on record."
A National Hurricane Center official said hurricane-force winds first hit the coast   by 9:15 p.m. EDT.
The leading edge of Hurricane Hugo, with winds up to 125 mph, will probably hit   between Savannah, Ga., and Charleston, S.C. after 8 p.m., local time.
Hugo, a category 4 hurricane, struck South Carolina Thursday after thousands of   coastal residents in southeastern states fled inland.
