Patrick Edward Purdy, aka Eddie Purdy West, who killed five children at a Stockton,   California, school on Tuesday had a history of problems with the law.
Teachers   and students of the South Carolina school understand the emotional upset of the   California students because on September 16 a man with a history of mental problems   entered Oakland Elementary School, killing two girls and wounding nine other people.
When the shooting   was over, five children of Vietnamese and Cambodian descent were killed and the   gunman, Patrick Edward Purdy, lay dead from a self-inflicted gun shot wound, the rifle   and the pistol, with victory written on it, lay on the ground beside him.
Several months ago he purchased an AK-47 and then returned to his home   town of Stockton where he killed five children and wounded 39 other children as well as   a children at Cleveland Elementary School before taking his own life.
A heavily armed gunman invaded Cleveland Elementary School in Stockton and killed   five children and wounded 30 other people before taking his own life.
In an attempt to reach out to the California school where five children were killed by a   gunman, a South Carolina school will send cards and words of encouragement.
Patrick Edward Purdy was a student at Cleveland Elementary School from kindergarten   through the third grade.
Family and friends mourned the loss of the five children slain during recess at Cleveland   Elementary School.
According to authorities, a man carrying an automatic rifle fired several dozen shots at an   elementary school on Tuesday, killing six children and wounding at least 35 other people.
Described as a   child alcoholic and loner who was mildly retarded, Purdy was a high school dropout who   held a series of jobs around the country.
Purdy opened fire at the school on Tuesday with an AK-47, killing the five students and   wounding 29 others and one teacher.
The 26-year-old drifter who entered the Cleveland Elementary School on Tuesday armed   with an assault rifle had a long criminal record.
Police are still investigating what caused Purdy to   open fire at the school with an AK-47, killing five students and injuring 29 more.
Memorial services for the five children killed at Cleveland Elementary School.
