Danish studies of the drug Verapamil, a calcium channel blocker, show that the drug   reduces the chance of a new heart attack in patients recovering from a heart attack.
When used with   a clot-dissolving drug, given within 24 hours of a heart attack, the chance of a second   heart attack is reduced from 13 percent to 8 percent.
A study published today in the New England Journal of Medicine indicates that an   intestinal operation to lower cholesterol of heart attack patients reduced the risk of a   second heart attack.
TGF beta is   normally present in heart cells but is missing from rat heart cells damaged by the   simulated heart attack.
The first phase of the study showed that giving tissue plasminogen activator,   or TPA,  a clot-dissolving drug, right after a heart attack dramatically improved chances   of survival.
Lowering cholesterol levels and educating people   to get to the hospital  within three to four hours of the first sign of a heart attack would   significantly increase survival rates.
Despite this decrease, it is believed   that up to 50 percent of the heart disease cased by the clogging of blood vessels feeding   the heart; the most lethal heart ailment.
This warning comes after a study, published in January, which indicated that an aspirin   taken every other day reduced the risk of a non-fatal first heart attack by 47 percent as   compared to a group taking a non-aspirin substitute.
According to a study published in the journal Science, cardiac cell damage following a   heart attack may be limited by a natural substance called transforming growth factor beta.
An experiment indicates that a blood and urine test of individuals with high blood   pressure can pinpoint those patients most likely to have a heart attack.
People with high levels   of rennin are at a high risk of heart attack.
Significantly, however, the chance for a heart attack in patients with heart   pumping problems increased by 25 percent.
Although lowering the risk of a second heart attack, a   major drawback of the procedure is chronic diarrhea, which can last for years.
The extent of heart cell damage was determined by measuring the   amount of creatine kinase in the heart tissue.
