A United States Coast Guard ship on patrol spotted a man and woman in a raft about 30   miles off the coast of Costa Rica.
Little attention is paid when a vessel with a third-world crew goes down in a distant   ocean, but the loss of a relatively modern passenger ferry in European waters concerns   the public.
The vessel   was found near Chios, a Greek island in the eastern Aegean Sea, where a Greek naval   vessel sank a Turkish warship on 7 June 1882.
Instead, the Korean crew sank their ship,   and transferred to another Korean ship sailing nearby.
The ship was 600 miles south of Cape Horn, and about two miles from a United   States research facility on the Antarctic Peninsula.
Over the past two decades the United   Nations Maritime Organization has devoted much thought to ship safety, but now in   September 1994 it is an imperative.
A freighter with a cargo of beer sank today 28 nautical miles north of the Ameland, a   Dutch island in the North Sea.
The ship was carrying jet fuel, gasoline, canisters of compressed gases, and other supplies   to the Argentine Esperanza Station near the tip of the Antarctica Peninsula.
Robert Ballard, an American oceanographer, earlier this month used an ocean-crawling   robot to locate the German battleship Bismarck.
Twenty-three sailors from the Star of Alexandria, a 652 foot freighter, were rescued   Monday evening 400 miles southeast of Cape Cod.
The   sailors in a lifeboat used a radio dropped by a Coast Guard aircraft to contact the   merchant ship Ravenscraig that rescued them.
Adverse weather conditions prevailed when the Argentine corvette   Spiro spotted the Korean ship fishing illegally in restricted Argentine waters.
In accordance with a UK-Argentine agreement, the Argentine Navy turned the   surveillance of the second Korean vessel over to the British when it approached within 15   nautical miles of the Malvinas (Falkland) Islands.
A West German helicopter from the island of Borkum,   30 miles from where the ship went down, took the crewmen ashore.
The 316 people aboard the ship,   including 82 tourists, were rescued by power boats after the ship ran aground.
The 400-foot Argentine supply ship, the Bahia Paraiso, sank Tuesday after running   aground.
