Some Republicans remain angered over the defeat of John Tower's nomination  for secretary of defense and Senator John Warner said a "Tower standards"  has been established and likely will be invoked whenever a Democratic target  is spotted.
Defense Secretary-designate John Tower's testimony to the Senate Armed  Services Committee that his work for a British firm did not involve military  matters contradicts a sworn statement he made earlier in a divorce  deposition.
Representative Larry Combest supports his former boss, John Tower, for  Defense Secretary but declined to comment on a published report that Tower  would drink a bottle of scotch at a sitting.
Former Senator John Tower, the defense secretary-designate had surgery for  removal of a colon polyp.
The Democrat-controlled Senate rejected the nomination of former Texas  Senator John Tower to be Secretary of Defense on a 53-47 vote.
The Senate panel weighing John Tower's nomination for defense secretary has  found a substantial discrepancy in his description of his business dealings  with British Aerospace.
A Wall Street Journal editorial notes that with John Tower's qualifications  for Defense Secretary "intelligence, patriotism, and past chairmanship of  the Armed Services Committee" he should have sailed through confirmation.
Paul Weyrich, president of the conservative Free Congress Foundation  testified at the Senate Armed Services Committee that John Tower's behavior  makes him unfit to lead the Pentagon.
Two defense industry trade magazines will  call for Tower's withdrawal, one saying that the "speed and greed" which  Tower went between government and industry is appalling.
Former Senator John Tower of Texas and his daughter were among 23 people  killed in a commuter plane crash.
Just the day  before, Senator John Heinz of Pennsylvania and his daughter were killed in a  plane-helicopter collision that involved the same type aircraft that Tower  was in.
The FBI is checking allegations that defense secretary-designee John Tower  was recently involved in an episode of public drunkenness.
Chairman Aspin of the  House Armed Services Committee said controversy had already hobbled Tower's  ability to lead the Pentagon.
Granting that Tower often rubs people the wrong way and earlier had "boozed  it up and fooled around", the editorial says that the recent charges of  drinking, womanizing, and services for defense industry clients have not the  "least substance".
President-elect Bush named Tower as his defense  secretary on December 16th.
