Jiang Zemin, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee Political Bureau and   chairman of the Central Military Commission, and Li Peng, premier of the State Council,   have expressed their deep concern for the people in the flooded areas of Guangdong   Province, particularly those in the Zhu Jiang valley.
Wen Jiabao (alternate member of the CPC Central Committee Political Bureau and CPC   Central Committee Secretariat member) accompanied by Mao Zhiyong (secretary of the   Jiangxi Provincial Party Committee) and Governor Guanzheng, inspected Jiangxi   province flood areas and issued instructions.
Under the leadership of the   Guangdong provincial party committee and government, the Guangdong army and   people should go all out to provide disaster relief and to battle the floods.
Guangdong Province Governor Zhu Senlin, inspecting flood control and relief work in   Qingyuan city yesterday, said the Beijiang and Xijiang rivers were receding from their   record levels.
In Guangdong Province, the Beijiang River was at 14.72 meters, about 4.22 meters above   the danger mark, late yesterday, and the flood peak on the Xijiang River was reached   today.
Yesterday, Hunan Province officials, Party Committee Secretary Maolin, Governor Chen   Bangzhu and others, traveled to Changshayan to survey the flooding around Changsha.
The Xiangijiang River, swollen by rainstorms to a record level of 38.93 m, has flooded   China's Hunan province capital city, Changsha.
According to the State Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters, water levels of   the Xi Jiang, Bei Jiang, Xiang Jiang, and Gan Jiang rivers are dropping.
The   provincial government yesterday urged localities to assist victims and has allocated grain,   cash reserves and  farm production supplies to the flood-stricken areas.
A State Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters spokesmen said today that floods   along the Xijiang, Beijiang, Xiangjiang and Ganjiang have receded, except for a section   of the Xijiang in Wuzhou.
Late last night, the flood peak passed through Jiangxi Province's capital, Nanchang.
He pointed out, however, that while   continuing the work in Ganjiang River valleys, flood-prevention in the Poyang Lake area   should be stressed.
The Changsha city committee of the Communist Party urges the people to unite as one in   battling the floods.
He was confident, however, that under the leadership of the CPC   Central Committee and the State Council, the soldiers and people would overcome   hardships.
