John Major, Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's Chancellor of the Exchequer and her   chosen heir apparent, was elected Conservative Party leader today and will become prime   minister.
Though Major was two votes short of the required majority in yesterday's election, he   was elected leader of the ruling Conservative Party after his challengers, former Defense   Secretary Heseltine and Foreign Secretary Hurd, conceded defeat.
John Major, 47, Margaret Thatcher's protege, was elected Conservative Party leader   Tuesday night and will succeed her as prime minister.
Some believe that the recording of John Major's conversation with Michael Brunson,   ITN's political editor, in which Major used salty language will improve Major's image as   a wimp.
Major, a high-school dropout, was elected Conservative Party   leader after Thatcher, failing to garner the necessary majority votes in a leadership   contest last Tuesday, resigned.
Prime Minister John Major won the general election a year ago, but today he is a deeply   unpopular, unproven leader.
To demonstrate, I   spoke yesterday with both Major and John Smith, Labor Party leader.
In a welcome to British Prime Minister John Major today at the Pittsburgh airport,   President Clinton said the two nations were working together to end the conflict in   Bosnia.
The Labor Party, just recently a strong favorite in the next election, is now in second   place behind a Tory party led by Major.
Major is gone, especially after the Christchurch by-election where a   Conservative majority in last year's general election was transformed to a liberal   Democrats majority of 16,427.
In four television interviews that began airing today, British Prime Minister John Major,   said all Iraqi troops must withdraw from Kuwait or they will be "forcibly removed."
Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major, 47, will succeed his mentor, Margaret Thatcher,   as Britain's prime minister.
Both Secretary of State for Education   John Patten and Michael Howard, the Home Secretary, dismissed talk of a leadership   contest before the next general election.
On Nov. 1,   Deputy Prime Minister, Sir Geoffrey Howe resigned in a policy dispute over the   European Community, calling Mrs. Thatcher a threat to Britain's vital interests.
Comparing Major   and Thatcher, one U.S. official said, "The biggest change is personal style."
