Emperor Hirohito, 87, will be remembered for his first effective and the most courageous   decision during his 62-year reign: Japan must surrender and end the Pacific conflict in   WW II.
United States, New Zealand, Filipino, and Australian leaders mourned Emperor Hirohito,   dead today at 87, but reaction in South Korea and Taiwan was cool.
It means Enlightened Peace, and has been succeeded   by Heisei, or Achieving Peace, the name the government chose for the reign of Hirohito's   son Akihito a few hours after the emperor died on Jan. 7.
President Truman, the show claims, decided not to prosecute Hirohito for   war crimes, and Japan's wartime prime minister, Gen. Tojo, was pressured into changing   his testimony so the emperor would not be incriminated.
In Japan, Emperor Hirohito was simply called Tenno Heika, meaning His Majesty The   Emperor.
Taiwan does not enjoy diplomatic relations with Japan, therefore, there was no official   Taiwanese statement, but the Chinese daily United Evening News said, "Now Hirohito   has died.
Though many world leaders mourned the death of Emperor Hirohito on Saturday, painful   WW II memories still generated criticism of the Japanese monarch.
Palace officials have not given details on Hirohito's illness and they would not comment   on Japanese news reports that the emperor has pancreatic cancer.
Three sacred treasures--a mirror, sword and jewels--which were transferred from   emperor to emperor, were tax-exempt, as were 3,180 items of art owned by Hirohito that   were donated to the state.
Emperor Hirohito left $13.06 million in taxable property the Kojimachi Tax Office near   the Imperial Palace announced Monday.
Over several hours on Thursday Emperor Hirohito's blood pressure fell from 132 over 60   to 112 over 50 and his pulse dropped from 104 per minute to 84, according to Imperial   Household Agency spokesman Kenji Maeda.
Emperor Hirohito's condition weakened Friday, but doctors speculated that a scab had   stopped internal bleeding, said Imperial Household Agency spokesman Kenji Maeda.
In a letter to the editor published Sunday Steve Hu wrote, "...before the war he [Hirohito]   was regarded as god and was worshipped in Japan with religious vigor.
Taiwan will be represented at the funeral, but a Taiwanese newspaper said, "While   Hirohito apologized to the United States and Europe, he did not direct a single word to   China to show his sorrow."
