State drought efforts include hauling water in Alabama, compiling a hay-source list in   Georgia, committing $50 million to banks for lower-interest farm loans in Illinois, and    seeking disaster status for North Dakota.
Thirteen climatologists and meteorologists at The Weather Channel's Drought   Symposium say added attention to climate has come from greenhouse effect worries and   media centers falling in drought areas, but climate concern shouldn't end with the   drought.
North America's crippling drought could result in food shortages for poor, food-  importing countries facing high grain prices.
World grain stocks   will likely fall below 310 million tons, or 17% of the level necessary to safeguard world   food security.
More US territory suffered some   degree of drought in May and June than at any point on record.
Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng said the drought could cause crop acreage controls to   be eased next year to help rebuild US grain inventories.
World cereal production in 1988 is expected to be 1.785 billion tons, only two   million tons more than last year's lower-than-expected production.
The National Weather Service said yesterday that major grain-growing states had a 55-  60% chance of weather hotter and drier than normal over the next month.
Today's 1988 Drought Symposium, sponsored by The Weather Channel, was attended by   13 state and national Weather experts.
Georgia state climatologist Gayther   Plummer thought the drought in the SE was related to the position of Jupiter, but   Rodenhuis remained skeptical.
Government drought measures under consideration include payments up to $100,000 to   drought-stricken farmers and easing 1989 crop acreage controls, but are called too slow.
A record expanse of US territory suffered drought in May and June.
Damages include lightning-  sparked Montana forest fires, shrinking Wisconsin cannery jobs, and reduced North   Dakota spring wheat.
UPS will ship   20-30 tons of hay daily from Oregon to Kentucky for the next two weeks, to be stored at   a fairground and sold to farmers chosen by lottery.
Carolina and Virginia hay shipments, organized by the stock car world, will be trucked to   Ohio tomorrow.
Hurricane specialist John Hope suggested the SE drought   might be lessened or ended by a heavier than normal hurricane season.
Drought has damaged Illinois River gamefish, killed 3,000 Minnesota turkeys, and   increased Tennessee livestock sales.
