Yesterday the judges announced the short-list of the six fiction writers in contention for   the 1992 Booker Prize.
The six novels on the short-list have been named and British bookmakers   have established Kazuo Ishiguro's "The Remains of the Day" as a seven-to-four favorite   to win the 31,600-dollar prize.
The Booker is no   longer the richest literary prize, but even making the short-list guarantees the author   immense prestige and increased sales for his novel.
The coveted Booker Prize for the year's best work of fiction was awarded to Peter Carey   Tuesday evening.
Yesterday' announcement of the short-list of six contenders for the1994 Booker Prize   elicited some biting comments.
Five days   later the winner of the hypothetical 1894 booker Prize will be named at the Cheltenham   Festival of Literature.
The winner of the 1994 Booker Prize is John Kelman That was announced last night.
The Booker, now worth 26,250 dollars, is administered by Book Trust,   an educational charity promoting books, and is sponsored by Booker, an international   food and farming company.
This is surprising in a year of good works of fiction that meet the   criteria for Booker consideration in that they are written in English and are non-  American.
It was announced Thursday that Kazuo Ishiguro won the Booker Prize for his novel "The   Remains of The Day".
The winner of the 1989 Booker Prize, Britain's top literary award, will be announced on   26 October.
The Booker Prize is sponsored by Booker, an international food and farming business.
The winner of the Booker Prize for 1944 will be announced on 11 October.
Critic and novelist Antonia Byatt was named winner of the 1990 Booker Prize.
Interest in the Booker this year is expected to be even higher than usual this year because   of last year's controversy.
The Booker Prize has become internationally known, and winning the prize is a boon to   the author and publisher.
The five   judges awarded the 39,000-dollar prize Tuesday at a banquet held at Guildhall, the seat of   the Lord Mayor.
Carey won for his novel "Oscar and Lucinda" that tells of a romance between an English   gambler and an Australian heiress who meet on a steamship's maiden voyage to Australia   in the middle of the 19th century.
