Iraqi President Saddam Hussein touched off the crisis on 17 July when he accused   Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates of exceeding the quotas of oil production set by   OPEC, and said Kuwait was illegally pumping oil from a field that straddles an unmarked   border.
The Security Council said it supports all Iraq and Kuwait negotiations, and specifically   endorsed mediation efforts by the Arab League that     Iraq claims the invasion was a move to come to the aid of revolutionaries in Kuwait.
United States.
Leading up to the invasion Iraq alleged that Kuwait stole oil from a disputed border area,   and damaged Iraq economically by exceeding OPEC production quotas.
Iraq has been feuding with Kuwait over a border dispute, and over Kuwait's alleged   violation of its OPEC-ordained oil production quota.
There were wide-ranging ramifications.
Hussein also accused Kuwait of   stealing 2.4 billion dollars worth of oil from a disputed border area, and costing Iraq oil   revenue by ignoring production quotas established by OPEC.
An emergency session of the foreign ministers of the Arab League was convened in Cairo   at Kuwait's request soon after Iraq's military forces overran the small Persian Gulf   nation.
Iraq has historically laid claim to all of Kuwait, and has coveted two Kuwaiti   islands that command Iraq's only access to the Persian Gulf.
A day after Iraq's invasion of Kuwait a Central Intelligence Agency spokesperson said   that the invasion came as no surprise.
The Iraqi-installed Provisional Government of Kuwait issued a not so subtle warning on   Sunday, telling countries that tried to punish Iraq that they would be jeopardizing their   interest and nationals in Kuwait.
Iraq had   accused Kuwait of stealing oil from a disputed border area, and forcing down oil prices   through overproduction.
Iraq claimed victory today in its lightning-like invasion of the oil-rich kingdom of   Kuwait.
Iraq's powerful army, led by the Republican Guard, invaded Kuwait today and quickly   overran the small oil-rich country.
Iraq said the invasion forces began to leave Kuwait Sunday.
Iraq also alleges that Kuwait was   working in concert with Zionist and colonial powers in plotting against Iraq.
The United Nations Security Council today voted 14-0 to condemn Iraq's pre-dawn   invasion of Kuwait.
