The Restoration of the Black Family and Society a conservative minister's group,   supports Thomas's nomination, while the National Abortion Rights Action League, have   begun a mail-in campaign opposing his nomination.
Virginia Thomas, wife of Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas shares her   husband's conservative views.
Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas told the Senate Judiciary Committee that it is   "irrelevant"   whether he holds any personal opinion on abortion, spurring new frustration   among the committee's democrats.
Virginia Thomas, wife of Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas, who shares her   husband's conservative viewpoint, has her own critics.
Frustrated Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee say that Supreme Court   nominee Clarence Thomas is evasive, but no groundswell of opposition to his   confirmation is emerging.
Clarence Thomas completed five grueling days of Senate questioning apparently well on   his way to becoming the second black justice in the history of the Supreme Court.
The Lawyer's Committee for Civil   Rights Under Law, a bipartisan group organized to assist government in civil-rights   enforcement, announced that of 110 members of its board of directors, would oppose   Thomas' confirmation.
Thomas, a black federal judge was picked by President Bush   to replace the retiring Thurgood Marshall, the high court's only black justice.
As the Senate Judiciary Committee presses Thomas Clarence to explain his qualifications   for the Supreme Court, supporters and opponents of his nomination are lobbying   senators.
The American Bar Association evaluation committee told the senators   that Thomas' articles were deficient in presentation, content, scholarship and analysis.
Some women's rights activists   are upset by her lobbying against comparable worth legislation and religious-rights   groups are troubled by her anti-cult activities following her involvement with Lifespring,   a motivational group.
Some   blacks view the fact that she is white as evidence that Clarence Thomas has rejected his   roots.
Thomas   said he believed the right to marital privacy was "fundamental", but he refused to give his   views on the 1973 abortion decision based on a woman's right to privacy.
Virginia has represented the   conservative viewpoint in jobs as staffer for a Republican congressman, spokesperson at   the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and deputy assistant secretary at the Department of   Labor.
