British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev   emerged from a meeting in which they were said to have argued passionately.
Should her former defense minister, Michael   Heseltine, succeed in taking control of the part from Thatcher, she would have to give up   the prime minister's job, a position she has held since 1979.
Mrs.   Thatcher has served longer than any other prime minister in this century, steering her   country through a war with Argentina and reversing Britain's economic decline.
Queen Elizabeth awarded former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher the Order of Merit   on Friday.
Former President Reagan had nothing but praise for British Prime Minster Margaret   Thatcher on the eve of her retirement.
British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's future will be decided today in a crucial first   vote of Tory Members of Parliament.
Reagan, in turn supported Mrs. Thatcher during Great   Britain's war with Argentina over the Falkland Islands, choosing to side with one ally,   Great Britain, against another ally, Argentina.
Prime Minister Thatcher's resignation took President Bush by surprise.
Dubbed the Iron Lady, Mrs. Thatcher drew high praise from President   Bush and former President Reagan.
Mrs. Thatcher has   served longer than any other prime minister of the 20th Century.
Margaret Thatcher broke the mold in English politics when she became that country's   first woman Prime Minister.
A Thatcher   spokesman said the Soviet President and the Prime Minister loved arguing.
The award follows quickly on the heels of Mrs. Thatcher's resignation as   prime minister.
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's resignation on Thursday drew mixed reaction from   world leaders.
The narrow margin of her victory over former defense minister   Michael Heseltine means Thatcher will face a second round of voting on Thursday.
President Bush was more experienced in world politics and knew many world leaders and   Mrs. Thatcher became just one of the gang.
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, considered America's best friend for almost a decade,   has decided to retire.
In   an interview with the Sunday Correspondent, Mrs. Thatcher said she hoped to lead her   Conservative Party to a fourth successive election but that she doubted that she would try   for a fifth.
He will be formally   addressed as Sir Denis and his wife as Lady Thatcher, although she insists she wishes to   be known simply as Mrs. Thatcher.
