Iran has   reported that at least 26,000 were killed, but Shahin Gobadi, spokesman for the People's   Mojahedin of Iran, speaking to a rally at a park across from the White House claimed the   number closer to 100,000.
In a rare instance of U.S.--Iranian cooperation, Iran said today it would accept U.S. relief   for the victims of the earthquake which killed as many as 25,000 people.
The earthquake in Iran, which killed an estimated 50,000 people, was the world's fourth   largest earthquake in the last 50 years.
Despite the death order which stands against him, writer Salman Rushdie donated $8,600   to victims of last week's earthquake in Iran.
Leaders of a group trying to overthrow Iran's Islamic leadership accused Iran of   deliberately underreporting the number of casualties in Thursday's earthquake.
The newspaper called on the U.S. to stop hatching plots   and called on a rejection of aid from the U.S. Iran has said it welcomes relief from the   American Red Cross and other humanitarian groups.
Saying   that even the people buried in the rubble chant "Death to Americans," the newspaper   accused the U.S. of plundering Iran's resources.
An editorial in the anti-American newspaper Johamri Islami in Iran stated that the united   States is partly to blame for the thousands of deaths in last week's earthquake.
The earthquake is very   similar to one which struck Soviet Armenia on Dec. 7, 1988, and killed 25,000 people.
Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev sent his condolences to Iran and the Soviet Red   Cross sent a plane carrying rescue workers and supplies.
San Diego's Iranian community was in a anxious state after receiving word of the   earthquake in Iran.
The early morning earthquake which struck Iran killed at least 25,000 and injured   thousands of others as they slept on Thursday.
A 7.7 magnitude earthquake struck northern Iran.
Earthquakes in Soviet Armenia, Guatemala, Morocco,   three others in Iran, round out the top ten list.
He had talked with his wife just before the earthquake and she was able   to call him eight hours after the earthquake to let him know that she and their two   children were alright.
In doing so, the United States diverted   Iran's national wealth from urban development projects and the construction of   earthquake resistant buildings.
