The National Union of Mineworkers said an estimated 200,000 gold and coal miners in   South Africa will begin a strike for higher wages and better working conditions in what it   said would be the largest job action to ever affect the nation's mining industry.
Coal miners in Siberia ended their strike after exacting promises of better food, housing   and working conditions, but the wave of unrest they launched continues in other key coal   regions.
More than 10,000 coal miners in Kentucky, Pennsylvania, Indiana and West Virginia   walked off the job to express sympathy for miners in Virginia and West Virginia, who   have waged a bitter two-month strike against Pittston Coal Group.
Ukrainian coal miners at the coal production association and at three pits, went on strike   demanding payment of wage arrears.
More than 4,000 workers at a coal mine in Jastrzebie, Poland went on strike today to   demand legalization of Solidarity, higher wages and the reinstatement of workers fired   for union activities.
A one-day strike by coal miners in Kazakhstan and the Ukraine has grown into a   nationwide walkout involving up to 100,000 miners demanding that President Gorbachev   surrender power to the restive republics.
Workers at Poland's copper producing combine went on strike as coal mining unions   staged token work stoppages in a third of the countries pits in a major challenge to the   government's economic policies.
Mikhail Gorbachev said that thousands of striking coal miners and other workers are   urging railway employees to join the work stoppage and the unrest threatens economic in   the Soviet Union.
Strikes by tens of thousands of coal miners have spread to four more of the Soviet   Union's coal fields.
Coal miners from Romania's Jiu Valley, who spearheaded violent anti-reform rampages   through Bucharest in 1990 and 1991, are once again out on strike, pressing the   government for higher wages.
Thousands of miners in the Vorkuta region of the Soviet Union are expanding their strike   and are blocking coal shipments.
Port workers in Szczecin, Poland and southwestern coal miners declared sympathy strikes   with miners demanding the legalization of Solidarity according to opposition activists.
The miners are demanding more local control   over their industry, as well as higher wages and better living conditions.
