However, although the first Moscow McDonald's restaurant is the world's   busiest, the plunging rouble, high inflation and constantly changing tax rules have been a   challenge to McDonald's management.
McDonald's first Soviet Union restaurant seats 700, has 27 cash registers and served   30,000 people on its opening day.
McDonald's will open its first outlets in Korea through a 50-50 joint venture, McAhn   Industries Ltd., founded with Harvard trained accountant-turned-entrepreneur, Mr. Ahn   Hyo Young.
John Onoda, a spokesman at McDonald's Oak Brook, Ill., headquarters said the first of   the chain's outlets in a communist country will open on March 24th.
The success of the   American restaurant will depend on its acceptance by Yugoslavians who are long   accustomed to eating the hamburger like pljeskavica which is made of pork and onions,   served on bread and eaten with the hands, much like a hamburger.
Communism suffered its first Big Mac attack Thursday as McDonald's opened a   restaurant in Belgrade, Yugoslavia.
McDonald's of Canada opened a   second restaurant in Moscow, along with a 12-story office block.
McAhn's hope is to develop McDonald's image as an affordable place for the Korean   middle class rather than a familiar name for foreigners.
The world's newest, largest   McDonald's then proceeded to ring up 30,000 meals on 27 cash registers, breaking the   opening day record for McDonald's worldwide.
The McDonald's   hamburgers, fries and shakes will compete with a local favorite fast-food dish, the   pljeskavica, ground pork and onions on a bun.
As the value of the rouble plunges, Russian officials feel thankful to McDonald's, who   opened their first restaurant in Moscow 3.5 years ago.
This is the first of twenty McDonald's planned for the Soviet Union.
Dinner out for the family can come to two days wages for the average Soviet   worker.
Generally accustomed to clerks who   snarl, Muscovites got a first-hand look at efficient, fast and friendly service.
This, its first outlet in a communist country, has 350   seats, employs 110 people and is capable of serving 2,500 meals per hour.
The next scheduled   opening in a communist country will occur by the end of the year in Budapest, Hungary.
Musicians played and dancers danced.
Cashiers learned that "please" and "thank you" and wiping the crumbs from counters are   important.
