The Bombay Stock Exchange, hit by two bombs last Friday, reopened Monday with very   limited trading.
A row has erupted between the Bombay stock exchange and the Securities and Exchange   Board of India (SEBI) over its first inspection of the stockbrokers' books.
Targets included the Bombay Stock   Exchange, Air India building, a shopping complex, and two hotels near the airport.
A militant Sikh group has claimed responsibility for the Bombay blasts but   police remain unconvinced, saying a foreign group was involved.
Bullish speculation over an expected tax cut ended in disappointment when the Indian   budget was released, cutting short-term capital gains taxes only for expatriate Indians and   foreign investors.
Foreign investors are   concerned.
Leaders   have called for calm.
Terror struck India again last night when an explosion destroyed two blocks of   apartments in the center of Calcutta.
The   identity of the bombers is unknown, but the goal appears to be renewing communal strife   and undermining government efforts to attract foreign investment and tourism.
Identity   of the bombers is unknown but the explosion is just five days after bombs struck   Bombay.
The recent attack used high-tech devices and appeared designed to terrorize the nation's   commercial capital.
The stock market has fallen 48 percent since early last year including   dropping 320 points after the Indian budget was announced.
The devices, mostly car bombs, appeared to be a   systematic attack on India's commercial heart.
While the index rose on Monday and Tuesday, yesterday's bombing in   Calcutta, triggered selling.
The Bombay equity market has had a volatile six weeks.
The streets of Bombay are calm, as rubble is being cleared and   stock exchange authorities prepare to resume trading.
India is still recovering from violence that   followed the destruction of a mosque in northern India.
Bombayites are asking who is responsible for the explosions that rocked the city on   Friday afternoon killing at least 255 and injuring over 1,200.
Many fear these bomb   attacks are designed to renew communal strife and undermine government efforts to   attract foreign investment and tourism.
More than a dozen bombs exploded yesterday afternoon in Bombay, killing about 200   and injuring more than a 1,000.
