Russia and Georgia deployed peacekeeping troops to stop ethnic  fighting in the disputed region of South Ossetia, which is part of  Georgia, in the first peacekeeping operation since the collapse of the  Soviet Union.
Moldova, acting to defuse one of the Soviet union's most explosive  ethnic conflicts, agreed to comply with a Kremlin order to reconsider  its law making Moldavian the republic's official language.
Ethnic violence killed 148 people and wounded 885 in the Central  Republic of Kirghizia in the Soviet Union.
With serious ethnic clashes  and unrest in several Soviet republics and with nationalism growing  stronger in the Baltic republics, Gorbachev is struggling to hold the  Soviet Union together while pushing broad reforms.
The Tajik Communist Party has called for the restoration of a  renovated Soviet Union in the form of a federation as the only means  to ensure the development of the political, economic and spiritual  potential of the former Soviet republics.
The international community is becoming increasingly aware of the true  magnitude of ethnic and political conflicts in the former Soviet  Union.
Tajikistan was  very hard hit by the wave of ethnic conflict and general unrest that  occurred when the Soviet Union collapsed.
The Soviet government has decided to give ethnic Germans and Crimean  Tatars who were expelled from their homelands by Stalin their own  autonomous region.
Much of the strife  is rooted in past Soviet policies of domination by ethnic Russians or  in the forced deportation of thousands during the Stalinist era.
The six-month conflict between the two republics over the  Nagorno- Karabakh district has let to ethnic violence.
Three thousand Russian Special Forces flew to the Caucasus region to  halt ethnic fighting in North Ossetia.
The disintegration of the Soviet Union has prompted  waves of bloodletting in ethnic flashpoints from Romania to the Afghan  border.
Troops of the former Soviet Union were ordered out of the Armenian  enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh after Armenian and Azeri militants fired  on them.
This law allows for a   "mild" ethnic cleansing of the Russian-speaking population of Latvia.
Mikail Gorbachev warned the nation that the country's growing ethnic  strife is endangering its unity as a state as well as threatening his  program of political and economic reform.
Viktor Alksnis, born in Latvia in 1950 and former deputy of the Supreme Soviet of the   former USSR is warning of possible ethnic cleansing in Latvia.
