Andrei D. Sakharov, 68-year-old physicist, human rights activist, and winner of the 1975   Nobel Peace Prize, died Thursday of an apparent heart attack in his Moscow apartment.
45,000 grievers filed past the body of Andrei D. Sakharov -- physicist, Nobel Peace Prize   winner, human rights advocate, legislator, and his country's conscience.
Soviet human rights activist Andrei D. Sakharov was elected in April to the new Soviet   Congress of People's Deputies, two years after being released from seven years of   internal exile.
Soviet physicists at Moscow's prestigious Lebedev Institute voted 1543 to 22 in secret   ballot Friday to nominate 1975 Nobel Peace Prize winner Andrei D. Sakharov to   parliament, two days after the Academy of Sciences rejected him and other reformers as   candidates.
Sakharov helped form the   1970s Soviet dissident movement, won the 1975 Nobel Peace Prize, and was exiled   internally for seven years after criticizing Soviet occupation of Afghanistan.
Less than two years ago, the 67-year-old Nobel Peace Prize winner was freed by   Gorbachev from internal exile in Gorky, where he was banished in 1980 for opposing   Soviet occupation of Afghanistan.
1975 Nobel Peace Prize winner Andrei D. Sakharov urged members of the Academy of   Sciences Monday to reject the leadership's slate for the new Soviet legislature in   Tuesday's voting.
Sakharov,   66, and his wife live frugally in their two-room, seventh-floor Moscow apartment, a   mecca for people seeking aid.
Sakharov had two children from his first marriage; two with his   widow Yelena Bonner, who was his constant companion and fellow human rights   activist; and four grandchildren.
At age 32 Sakharov became the youngest member of   the Academy of Sciences and joined the group that developed the Soviet hydrogen bomb.
In New York Thursday, Andrei D. Sakharov, father of the Soviet dissident movement,   received the 1973 Human Rights Award from the International League for Human   Rights.
Human rights activist Andrei D. Sakharov began a two-week US visit Sunday.
Andrei D. Sakharov, 68, died Thursday in his study, hours after urging creation of formal   parliamentary opposition to break the party's stranglehold on power.
Sakharov supports Gorbachev's reform program but wants   speedier progress in human rights and a nuclear testing ban.
