Hurricane Hugo started as a tropical wave off Africa on Sept. 11th, was named tropical   storm Hugo with 39mph winds on Sep 12th, and became a hurricane with 74mph winds   on Sep 13th.
With unchecked carbon dioxide and methane gas emissions, world temperatures could   rise 10 degrees and the greenhouse effect could breed hurricanes 50% stronger than   Hugo, which blasted the Caribbean and Carolinas last week with 135mph winds.
State Farm and Nationwide, the two dominant insurers in the Carolinas, expect $600   million in claims from Hurricane Hugo, making it the most expensive storm ever for the   insurance industry.
Hurricane tracking remains an uncertain science, but forecasters' predictions of Hugo's   destructive path gave people time to flee South Carolina's coast.
At the National Hurricane Center in Coral Gables, Florida, forecasters working 12-hour   days monitored Hurricane Hugo using computers and satellites.
Few   residents had experienced such a dangerous, killer hurricane, the first major storm to   strike the city since Hurricane Gracie came ashore 70 miles south in 1959.
Damage from Hurricane Hugo, which stormed through the Carolinas and Caribbean last   week, will reduce several insurers' third-quarter earnings.
Hugo, a category 4 hurricane, struck South Carolina Thursday and officials hoped   precautions were sufficient.
The last big   storm to hit South Carolina was Hurricane David in 1979.
Payments in North Carolina and Virginia will bring the total   to $500 million, more than three times its 1983 record payout of $165 million for   Hurricane Alicia.
At the National Hurricane Center, a tracking model   embodying knowledge of meteorological conditions and indicators of change constantly   reflected weather conditions and storm position.
Only two died in the Charleston area, which bore the   brunt of Hugo's 135mph winds.
Hurricane Hugo raged into Charleston Thursday night packing 135-mph winds.
American International Group,   which insured property in Puerto Rico, the eastern Caribbean, and the Carolina coast,   expects losses between $35 and $45 million.
After Hugo's landfall, forecasters relaxed but still followed three other Atlantic   weather systems and one in the Pacific.
Property damage escalated because Hugo scored a direct hit on   Charleston and then veered northwest.
Three hours later the 10-mile   eye of the storm passed just east of Charleston, with top winds of 135 mph.
