A tornado slammed into a shopping district, residential area, and school in Huntsville,   Alabama, on Wednesday, killing 15, injuring more than 300, and trapping people in cars   and homes.
A tornado slammed into a shopping district, residential area, and school in Huntsville,   Alabama, on Wednesday.
Heavy damage, but with no deaths or   injuries, was reported in the District of Columbia, Maryland, Delaware, Mississippi,   Pennsylvania, and North and South Carolina.
The violent storm that spun tornados across the South and Midwest, moved into the   Northeast on Thursday, causing an elementary school cafeteria to cave in, killing seven   children.
Witnesses said the area was reduced to   rubble by the tornado that hit between 4 and 4:30 p.m.  Electricity and telephones are   disrupted and only one television station is still broadcasting.
A tornado watch remains for northeast New York state and   much of Vermont and New Hampshire.
Alabama governor, Guy Hunt, has dispatched National Guard troops and   said rescue teams will search through the night.
Recovery efforts continue in Huntsville, Alabama, where a tornado carved a swath of   destruction, killing 17, injuring 463 and leaving 1,000 homeless.
The storm center's worst damage was in   Huntsville, Alabama, where 17 were killed, 463 injured and 1,000 left homeless.
The worst casualties occurred in Huntsville, Alabama, where 17   were killed, and Newburgh, New York, where at least seven children died.
State and federal officials   promised to do whatever is necessary, even though national disaster funds are already   low because of the California earthquake and Hurricane Hugo.
A large variation in   temperatures has made this front, the same one that hit the South and the Ohio valley   yesterday, extremely strong.
Federal aid was approved Friday for tornado-ravaged Huntsville, Alabama.
Injuries occurred in Georgia,   Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio, and West Virginia.
Marilyn Quayle, wife of the Vice President, praised the heroism of the residents of   tornado-ravaged Huntsville, Alabama, when she visited on Saturday.
Survivors of the tornado that swept through Huntsville, Alabama are sharing their stories   today.
Tornados and severe thunderstorms have swept through the eastern half of the United   States in the last two days, killing at least 27 people, injuring more than 500, and leaving   hundreds homeless.
