A West German newspaper reported that ousted East German leader Erich Honecker will not   stand trial in East Germany as long as the formerly Communist country exists, although he could   be prosecuted in a united Germany for violation of property laws.
East German authorities on Friday interrogated former Communist leader Erich Honecker about   his role in the killing of some 200 people trying to escape from East Germany's Communist rule.
Ousted East German leader Erich Honecker, who is expected to be indicted for high treason, was   arrested Monday following his release from a hospital where he had undergone kidney tumor   surgery.
Ousted East German leader Erich Honecker was arrested and taken to prison after his release   from a hospital where he underwent surgery for a kidney tumor.
Mikhail Gorbachev urged all sides to take their time deciding the fate of Erich Honecker as the   fugitive former East German leader spent a seventh day of refuge inside the Chilean Embassy in   Moscow.
East Germany's deposed Communist leader, Erich Honecker, has been declared too sick to be in   jail but fit enough to be tried.
His lawyer, who represented the 81-year old Honecker before the Berlin   court in 1992 and early 1993, said Honecker rejected an operation but could not comment on the   exact cause of Honecker's death.
East Germany's ousted Secret Police Chief Erich Mielke, when he faced former Communist   leader Erich Honecker, called him a traitor and threatened to break his neck.
Egon Krenz, the successor to East Germany's leader Erich Honecker, and former Politburo   member Guenter Schabowski gave their version of the mentality of the hard-liners toward the   end.
Former East German leader Erich Honecker may be moved to a monastery to protect him from   enraged citizens.
Honecker is under house arrest in government housing outside East Berlin, which is being   converted to a medical rehabilitation center.
Honecker has been staying at a Soviet military hospital outside East Berlin.
However, the investigation is not far enough along to determine whether   charges would be filed against Honecker before the East German-West German merger.
Honecker and   former State Security Chief Erick Mielke would be charged with treason and corruption for   misuse of their positions and State funds.
