An operation to lower the cholesterol levels of heart attack patients reduced their risk of   another heart attack or death from heart disease.
Doctor's also found that one aspirin and a single dose of clot   dissolving given within 24 hours of heart attack dramatically cut the risk of a second fatal   heart attack.
Since 60% of   heart attacks occur before the victim reaches the hospital, a major goal is getting people   to go to the hospital at the first sign of a heart attack.
A drug that eases the heart's workload can cut the risk of new cardiac attacks and death   by 20 percent in people recovering from heart attacks.
The drug, Verapanil, a calcium   channel blocker is about as effective as another variety of blood pressure medicines   known as beta blockers at protecting people after heart attacks.
The TGF beta seems to block the action of other substances, such as   tumor necrosis factor, that can cause blood vessels to narrow following a heart attack.
An experiment with more than 1700 high blood pressure patients showed that a blood and   urine test can pinpoint those patients most likely to have a heart attack.
A natural substance called transforming growth factor (TGF) beta appears to be able to   limit damage to cardiac cells following a heart attack.
A large study has shown that taking a single aspirin every other day could cut heart attack   risk in half.
Study results suggest the drug may be   effective in decreasing the likelihood of a second heart attack in the majority of patients.
A study found that if heart attack victims quickly receive clot-dissolving drugs, they   usually don't need the extra step of a common balloon procedure, known as angioplasty.
Other researchers determined that some heart attack victims could be released from the   hospital as soon as three days after their heart attacks.
The tests, which   measure the activity of a blood protein called renin, may also suggest a new risk factor   for heart attacks.
Overall death rates for the two groups were similar, though the aspirin non-fatal heart   attack rate was much lower.
Studies do indicate that aspirin reduces the risk of first non-  fatal heart attacks, by reducing the ability of blood platelets to form clots.
