Thursday night about 30 members of the Filipino-American Movement for a Better   Philippines held a candlelight vigil outside the Philippine Consulate in Los Angeles in   support of the military coup attempt unfolding in their homeland.
President Corazon Aquino said today her predecessor, Ferdinand Marcos, cannot return   home to die nor will she permit him to be buried here despite an appeal from his wife.
President Corazon Aquino said Friday that for security reasons she would not permit   deposed President Ferdinand Marcos to be buried in the Philippines, despite an appeal   from his wife, Imelda, that he be allowed to return.
Saturday Manila newspapers quoted Teodoro Benigno, President Corazon Aquinoi's press   secretary, saying Mrs. Aquino told Swiss lawyers that Ferdinand Marcos will be allowed   to return to the Philippines so that he can be tried for stealing billions of dollars.
President Corazon Aquino on Friday refuse to allow her predecessor, Ferdinand Marcos,   to return home to die and won't permit him to be buried here despite an appeal from his   wife.
The Philippine government said it will file criminal charges against former President   Marcos, claiming he stole up to $10 billion of government funds.
President Aquino used small bombers and artillery to end a rebellion led by renegade   army Col. Alexander Noble on Mindanao, countering charges that her government is   indecisive.
Present at the LA press conference was Andrea Aquino, niece of assassinated Marcos   opponent Benigno Aquino, Cory Aquino's husband.
In a meeting Monday with West German government and industrial leaders, including   President Richard von Weizaecker, Philippine President Corazon Aquino asked for   economic assistance.
During an evening   state banquet, Weizaecker assured Mrs. Aquino that the barrier-free market the European   Economic Community plans for 1992 will not prevent trade with other countries.
President Corazon Aquino today reversed a long-held policy and said she was willing to   negotiate cease-fires with Communist guerrillas and former soldiers who have staged   coup attempts.
Saturday Philippine Vice President and opposition leader Salvador Laurel refused to   condemn the armed insurrection in his country and predicted the fighting may become   civil war if rebel reinforcements arrive from other islands.
Enrile said he was willing to reconcile with Mrs. Aquino, who fired him as   defense minister after he was implicated in a coup attempt in November 1986.
