Senator Bob Dole of Kansas made the nominating speech for Senator Dan  Quayle for vice president at the Republican Convention.
In speeches to the  Republican Convention, Quayle was upbeat and Bush said that he was  proud to have Quayle at his side.
After a very quiet first year as vice president, Dan Quayle  agreed to  appear on a national interview show.
As vice president, Dan Quayle is likely to be the "man on the outside"  in the Bush White House.
Huntington, Indiana, the home town of VP Dan Quayle is celebrating his  life with the "Premiere Dan Quayle Memorabilia Exhibit".
Quayle has  contributed nothing in the way of staff to Bush's campaign.
The actor has asked that Quayle stop making  those comparisons, but Quayle said, they were made by the press and  not by him.
Quayle had said that he sought National Guard duty so that  he could attend law school, and that he had not used influence to gain  admittance to the Guard.
Republican VP candidate Dan Quayle's official resume incorrectly  characterizes his service with the Indiana Consumer Protection  Division.
Bush's choice for his running mate ran into questions about Dan  Quayle's military record and even suggestions that Quayle should  withdraw.
Quayle and his wife are devoted to their three  children and remain close to many of their friends during the period  that the 41-year old senator has been in public life.
In the  speech, Dole called Quayle a dedicated public servant and a devoted  family man.
Relatives and friends of Republican Vice Presidential candidate Dan  Quayle do not believe that his candidacy will have an adverse effect  on his family life.
Quayle's goal had been to  support the president and to make himself a very small target.
However, a retired Maj. Gen. who had once  worked for Quayle's grandfather said that he had contacted the Guard  on Quayle's behalf and recommended him highly.
Senator John Warner of Virginia, who served in the Senate with Dan  Quayle said that when he heard the VP nominee speak, he thought him to  be the next Thomas Jefferson.
A Quayle spokesman called  the revelation of the error by The Plain Dealer of Cleveland "a cheap  shot".
Dole then cited Quayle's twelve years experience  tackling national and international problems.
