The skipper of a patrol boat   towing it to port requested that 22-year-old ferry captain Juan Pablo Ezquibel take control   of the ferry's wheel, but Esquibel did so only when the boat began to capsize, after   passengers ran to one side when the boat leaned while riding a small wave.
After   133 died July 21st, when a ferry capsized on the Min River in SW Sichuan Province, and    71 died July 25th, when a passenger boat sank on the Yangtze River, the Ministry of   Communications began investigating river vessel safety.
Fifty-nine people drowned Sunday afternoon when a  Caribbean passenger ferry sank   while being towed into port by a tugboat.
The Israeli ferry Tuvia capsized shortly after midnight on Saturday, while bringing 100   sailors who were part of the multinational force arrayed against Iraq back from shore   leave to the USS Saratoga.
The 1,105-ton Egyptian-registered ferry, completing a 36-hour   trip from Jiddah, went down six miles off the Egyptian coast after inexplicably leaving   standard navigational channels and ramming a coral reef in stormy 10-foot seas.
One sailor   who dove from the ferry and swam frantically to escape the sinking boat's suction was hit   by a rescue boat.
US Navy aircraft helped search for 471 missing from the ferry Salem Express, which   sank Saturday night in shark-infested Red Sea waters.
The ferry Salem Express, returning from Jiddah, sank off a Red Sea port Saturday night   when stormy seas tossed it into a coral reef.
Five   hundred thirty-five passengers were aboard the 35-year-old steam-powered ferry   designed to carry 160.
An overcrowded ferry without life jackets capsized Saturday morning in the monsoon-  swollen Ganges River.
An overloaded ferry taking 183 Qiongzhong County students and teachers on a field trip   to visit a hydroelectric power station capsized Wednesday, killing 55.
The ferry was one of a   stream of vessels bringing Somali refugees to Kenya after rebels overthrew Somali   President Siad Barre in late January.
The ferry took on water over the stern in heavy seas and   capsized when it was hit by a big wave.
The passengers and   four crew members exceeded the ferry's capacity.
The ferry Justo Rufino Barrios II ran out of fuel   midway on its regular 16-mile run across Amatique Bay, from Livingston to Puerto   Barrios.
