Republican vice-presidential candidate Dan Quayle, a 1969 DePauw University graduate,   underwent six months of Indiana National Guard training then was hired as a research   assistant by the Indiana Attorney General's office, in an interview arranged by an   employee of his grandfather.
Quayle helped handle consumer complaints in the spring of   1971, and was chief investigator of the new Consumer Protection Division from July to   mid-September, when he became administrative assistant to the governor while attending   Indiana University Law School.
Indiana senator Dan Quayle, 41, Bush's surprise choice for his running mate as vice   president, quickly encountered questions over his military record.
Bob Dole nominated Dan Quayle, the junior senator from Indiana, for vice president at   the Republican National Convention in August.
The selection of Dan Quayle as running mate was Bush's first major decision   of his presidential campaign and was thought by many to be a bad choice.
Indiana Republican Senator Dan Quayle, 41, was chosen by George Bush to be his    presidential running mate.
Maj. Gen. Phillippi, who worked for Quayle's grandfather,   Eugene C. Pulliam, as managing editor of the Indianapolis News, contacted the National   Guard on Quayle's behalf in 1969 when he applied, recommending him highly.
Quayle, from Huntington, Indiana, graduated from a small   liberal arts college, DePauw University, in 1970 and went to work in the Indiana   Attorney General's office.
Dole called him one of the bright young   lights in the Republican Party, a dedicated public servant, a forceful advocate, a staunch   supporter of the Reagan revolution, and a devoted family man.
Quayle,   a hardliner on defense matters, said he sought guard duty so he could attend law school.
Huntington, Indiana, population 17,000, hosted an exhibit in May honoring its most   important resident ever, Vice-President Dan Quayle.
Republicans compare vice-presidential nominee-designate Dan Quayle to Thomas   Jefferson because he has "the same fire in his belly" and to John F. Kennedy because   they would be relatively the same age when running for office.
Quayle, 41, hasn't had a chance to become a legend, but will send a message   that the Republican Party respects young people who achieve.
They have   three children, 14-year-old son Tucker, 12-year-old son Benjamin, and 9-year-old   daughter Corinne.
