More than a dozen bombs exploded in Bombay last night killing about 200 people and   injuring more than a thousand in India's commercial heart.
Despite a bomb attack last Friday,  the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) reopened   Monday with the BSE index rising by 5.6 per cent by Tuesday.
The attack came just   four days after a systematic bomb attack on India's commercial heart in Bombay,   raising fears of a resumption of last December's intercommunal violence.
India suffered a fresh wave of terror last night when an explosion in the crowded trade   and residential district of Bowbazaar in Calcutta destroyed two blocks of flats killing at   least 45 people and injuring scores more.
Unlike the riots that racked the city last December, Friday's attack was   clearly high-technology terrorism carried out with Semtex plastic explosives, high-grade   timers, efficient organization and money.
Last night's targets included the Bombay Stock Exchange and the landmark Air India   building.
The exchange denies the allegations, but the dispute does nothing to   stimulate the stock market where shares have fallen 48 per cent from their peak early   last year.
A militant Sikh group fighting for the   independence of Punjab claims responsibility for the blast, but police and the interior   minister suspect a foreign group or "an international conspiracy."
India's prime minister described the blasts as   an attack on India's economy and said the search for the perpetrators "may not stop   within the country," but stopped short of mentioning Pakistan.
The Bombay Stock   Exchange plans to resume trading today and  the people of Bombay have refused to be   goaded into violent protest by the bombers.
Then the finance minister   disappointed traders by postponing corporate tax reforms by a year and leaving the   short-term capital gains tax for local investors at 44.5 per cent.
The attack was a severe   setback to India's attempts to recover from recent intercommunal violence sparked by   razing of a mosque at Ayodhya in northern India by Hindu zealots on December 6.
The Bombay equity market experienced unusually bullish speculation before   the national budget was announced on February 27.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) accuses the Bombay stock   exchange of flouting regulations including those designed to limit excessive speculative   investments.
