The Dog Fancier's Club organized an event at Sardi's Restaurant in New Your City to   honor the city's top police dog and the nation's top show dog.
Bill McFadden, a professional dog handler, puts in 18-hour days caring for the dogs and   crisscrossing the country to show them for a variety of owners.
The top show dog is a   fluffy little Pomeranian and the police dog is an amiable German Shepherd.
More than 2,500 dogs representing 138 breeds, will compete for prizes at Sunday's All   Breed Dog Show and Obedience Trials at the Los Angeles Sports Arena.
His latest product, a Kerry blue terrier, is scheduled to appear at the   Westminister Kennel Club Dog Show at Madison Square Garden.
There   will also be an expert to answer questions on behavioral questions about dogs, free   veterinary advice, and a computer for visitors to learn which breed would best suit their   life style.
The   Pomeranian was named best of show at the prestigious Westminister Kennel Club Show   at Madison Square Garden.
The 47-year-old artist began his association with Weimaraners in 1970 when he acquired   a puppy, Man Ray, for $35 dollars.
The event was sanctioned by the World Kennel Club based in Brussels   and had judges from the Netherlands, South Africa, Italy and Britain.
20,000 attended Israel's dog-of-the year contest held in Tel Aviv's Exhibition Center.
Cory has won 245 show awards as Best of Breed   and 19 awards as Best in Show.
One of Wegman's   current dogs, Fay Ray, is now a familiar face both with artists and among children who   watch Sesame Street.
They average   100 champions a year and have shown dogs representing about 75 percent of the 135   breeds of dog.
The Renmondi's claim that Attalla has breached the   contract by not paying certain expenses.
Attalla claims that as he lays out fees and other expenses, it is his   decision when to retire Cory.
The mother-daughter dogs live with   Wegman in his home, a former Orthodox synagogue on Manhattan's Lower East Side.
Neither dog was served lunch at the popular mid-town   restaurant.
Within Israel, the event   briefly outshone both the intefadeh and general election.
