On Friday   he decried the unrest and proposed legislation to punish Soviets who kindle ethnic unrest   He made other proposals to resolve ethnic tensions, including an increase in power for   each of the country's 15 republics, and a law on the "equal use" of the more than 100   languages of the Soviet Union.
South Ossetia wants unification with North Ossetia that has been a part of Russia since   Stalin's days This was the first peacekeeping attempt anywhere in the former Soviet   Union, whose disintegration touched off waves of new ethic conflicts between the   Afghan and Romanian borders.
On 16 May 1994 the Tajik Communist Party called for the restoration of a rejuvenated   Soviet Union in the form of a federation as the only way to restore order, and said a   majority of Tajiks supported the call.
Russia and Georgia yesterday deployed troops to stop the ethnic fighting in a seven   kilometer-wide security zone separating rebel South Ossetia from the rest of Georgia.
President Gorbachev warned Saturday that growing ethnic unrest across the Soviet Union   was endangering the political and economic reforms, and even threatening the nation's   existence.
Today a former USSR Supreme Soviet Deputy from Latvia said the adoption of the   Latvian citizenship law violates human rights, and creates the conditions for a conflict   like those in the Caucasus.
In December 1993 the Foreign Ministers of Russia and The United Kingdom spoke out   about the seriousness and the consequences of the ethnic and political conflicts in the   former Soviet Union.
He acknowledged that the early Soviet effort to pull the 100-plus ethnic groups   into a unified culture was a cause of the present strife.
The Defense Minister of the Commonwealth of Independent   States has long said troops would not become casualties in ethnic conflicts in the former   Soviet Union.
The six-month conflict between Armenia and Azerbaijan over Nagoro-Karabakh, an   enclave of Armenians of Armenians living within Azerbaijan, is one of the most   rancorous domestic disputes faced by Gorbachev since he became president.
The Inguish, a regional   ethnic group, are demanding return of lands that Stalin expropriated and declared part of   North Ossetia.
The Soviet Interior Ministry said that in the past two years of civil strife, primarily ethnic   clashes, 24,000 had been killed and 16 ministry soldiers killed.
