Shahin Gobadi, spokesman for the People's Mojahedin of Iran charged that the  Iranian government is deliberately underreporting the number of casualties  from the massive earthquake that struck northern Iran.
US aid came from  AmeriCares, a private relief organization, and more would come via a Red  Cross charter flight carrying $225,000 worth of supplies donated by the US  government.
Orange County's Iranian community, which numbers from 60,000 to 80,000,  hoped to raise a half million dollars for relief of earthquake ravaged Iran.
Iranian news media reacted quietly to Thursday=B9s earthquake that killed  25,000 people in northern Iran.
An anti-American newspaper in Iran said that the US is partly to blame for  the loss of life in the recent earthquake in northern Iran.
Iran said that it would welcome relief offered by its enemy, the US, to help  victims of the earthquake whose numbers have now reached 35,000.
The US government has joined with private humanitarian groups to send aid to  earthquake-ravaged Iran.
Planes loaded with relief supplies for Iran's earthquake victims arrived at  Tehran airport from around the world.
The newspaper editorial appearing in the official  Islamic Republic News Agency called upon Iranians to reject relief offers  from the US and "other governments whose hands are stained with the blood of  the Iranian people".
The earthquake, which devastated Iran killed at least 25,000 people and  injured thousands more.
In fact,  Iran has said it would welcome aid from all countries of the world except  Israel and South Africa.
By plundering  Iran's oil and other resources, it said, the US prevented use of even a  small part of national resources for development of anti-seismic  construction methods.
The quake  registered a magnitude 7.7 which is considered a major quake and is the  largest ever recorded in Iran, although twelve quakes greater than magnitude  7 have occurred there in the past 30 years.
The earthquake that struck Iran reminded a US geophysicist of the 1988 quake  in Armenia.
The American  Jewish World Service is in a quandary wondering if they should provide  assistance since Iran has excluded Israel as a source of aid.
This quake was the  strongest ever recorded in Iran, which is in a very active seismic region  and has recorded 12 quakes of magnitude 7 in the past 30 years.
