Hurricane Gilbert, after devastating Jamaica and then the Yucatan Peninsula, has been   downgraded from Category 5 to Category 3 but may again gather strength over water   while moving west-northwest toward landfall.
Still, the worst natural disaster in U.S. history, killing more than 6000   people, was a hurricane that hit Galveston, Texas on Sept. 8, 1900.
The hurricane   hit the Yucatan after battering other Caribbean countries, particularly the Dominican   Republic and Jamaica, where it has been called the worst natural disaster in history.
Hurricane Gilbert, a Category 5 storm with winds of 175 mph and the lowest barometric   pressure ever measured in the Western Hemisphere, may be the most intense hurricane   ever recorded.
Hurricane Gilbert swept toward Jamaica yesterday with 100 mph winds, and officials   issued warnings to residents on the southern coasts of the Dominican Republic, Haiti and   Cuba.
Hurricane Gilbert, a category 5, one of the strongest storms in history battered the   Dominican Republic, Jamaica and the Cayman Islands.
The other two are Hurricane Camille in 1969 that bulldozed the Mississippi coast   with a 28 foot wave, leaving 1.4 billion in damage and 256 dead, and the Labor Day   storm of 1935.
With phones knocked out, ham radio operators in Jamaica reported that people who were   trying to enter the Wyndam Hotel on Jamaica's Montego Bay at the height of the storm   were swept into the ocean.
Hurricane Gilbert, one of the strongest in history, now   moving toward Texas, battered the Yucatan resorts of Cancun and Cozumel today with   160 mph winds and torrential rains.
Earlier this week, it left at least 109 people dead and 800,000 homeless throughout the   Caribbean and parts of Mexico.
Hurricane Gilbert weakened to a Tropical Storm today along the Texas-Mexico border.
Meanwhile, Hurricane Florence, the second hurricane of   this storm season, was downgraded to a tropical storm.
Homeowners are boarding up and laying in   supplies to protect against this massive hurricane, which, to date, has taken at least 47   lives in the Caribbean and caused over $8 billion in damage.
Gilbert, the most intense hurricane ever recorded, surged toward Texas today after   battering the Yucatan Peninsula, leveling homes, pummeling posh resorts and forcing   tens of thousands to flee.
