Hurricane Gilbert hit Jamaica today with 110 mph winds and torrential rain, causing   serious damage in Kingston overnight.
Hurricane Gilbert is moving toward the Dominican Republic, where the residents of the   south coast, especially the Barahona Province, have been alerted to prepare for heavy   rains, and high winds and seas.
Tropical Storm Gilbert formed in the eastern Caribbean   and became a hurricane on Saturday night.
Gilbert formed in the eastern Caribbean and became a hurricane Saturday night.
Hurricane Gilbert is heading toward Jamaica with 100 mph winds.
Hurricane Gilbert slammed into Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula on Wednesday.
The full force of Hurricane Gilbert slammed into Kingston, Jamaica, at noon on Monday.
Gilbert, described as one of   the larger systems, has already caused some damage in Puerto Rico, the Dominican   Republic, Haiti, and Cuba.
The United States Navy reported its bases on Puerto Rico and at   Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, were not damaged by Gilbert as it moved through the central   Caribbean.
The second hurricane of the   season, Florence, is now over the southern United States and downgraded to a tropical   storm.
Gilbert, a Category 5--the deadliest--has   already killed 24 people in the Caribbean.
Hurricane Gilbert's growth baffles forecasters.
The storm center is expected to hit land at   Clarendon parish, then move lengthwise across the island.
The storm is expected to move lengthwise   across the island, dropping as much as 10 inches of rain.
On 3 September it was a dry low-pressure   trough--one of 50-60 a year--west of Africa.
The storm is gaining strength after passing Puerto   Rico, where there was coastal flooding and wind damage.
A hurricane warning   has been issued for the island.
The warm September waters in the Caribbean can cause the storm to   explode.
Why did Gilbert   strengthened and others not?
By Tuesday night it was an intense storm   with the lowest barometric pressure--26.13 inches--ever recorded.
Scientists do know that budding storms need to be off the   equator and are fueled by winds converging where there is high moisture in the lower   atmosphere.
The eye hit   Cancun and Cozumel at 8 a.m. carrying winds up to 160 mph.
As many as 10 inches of rain were predicted for the   southern coast of the Dominican Republic, where flights have been cancelled.
