Mr. Bernstein, the internationally acclaimed conductor of the New York Philharmonic   from 1957 until 1968, was the first American-born conductor to lead a major symphony   orchestra.
Leonard Bernstein, the flamboyant Renaissance man of music who excelled as pianist,   composer, conductor and teacher died Sunday in his Manhattan apartment.
The Leonard Bernstein Gala Birthday Performance is a benefit concert scheduled for the   composer's 70th birthday, August 25, to raise money for the Tanglewood Music Center,   where Bernstein started his conducting career.
Exactly 47 years after Leonard Bernstein debuted as conductor of New York   Philharmonic, the orchestra remembered the maestro at a concert that included selections   from his "Mass," "Chichester Psalms," and "Candide."
Inaugurated by Bernstein last month, it is probably the first Asian festival where young   musicians can train with a professional orchestra.
Mr. Bernstein also canceled appearances with an orchestra of young musicians who had   been training under LSO principals during the Pacific Music Festival in Japan.
Once, courtesy of the Israeli equivalent to   the USO, I attended a performance of the Israel Philharmonic when Bernstein was guest   conductor.
Leonard Bernstein, exhausted and suffering from the effects of several lung ailments,   canceled performances with the London Symphony Orchestra in Japan.
Hosted by Beverly   Sills, the event will celebrate Bernstein's classical and popular music compositions, his   landmark opera recordings, and his influence on other musicians.
Carol Lawrence, the original Maria of "West Side Story," sang as did cast members from   other Bernstein shows, including Nancy Walker, Betty Comden, and Adolph Green ("On   the Town") and Barabara Cook ("Candide").
In addition to conducting and composing, Bernstein introduced thousands to classical   music through his Emmy-winning television program, "Young People's Concerts."
The Tanglewood Music Center will hold the Leonard Bernstein Gala Birthday   Performance, beginning on Aug. 25, the composer's 70th birthday.
During his 47-year association with the Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra, Leonard   Bernstein led 1244 concerts.
Bernstein, in his 1,215th appearance as Philharmonic conductor, received a silver box   engraved with a reproduction of Monday evening's program.
Leonard Bernstein, 70, returned to Carnegie Hall with the New York Philharmonic   Monday, 45 years after his triumphant debut with the orchestra.
Mr. Bernstein, 71, issued an apology and said that Michael Thomas, LSO principal   conductor, and Japanese conductor Eiji Oue were asked to fulfill his responsibilities.
