More than 5,000 people packed a Chinatown park in New York City Saturday morning   for a memorial service honoring the demonstrators killed last weekend in Tiananmen   Square.
The tense but largely peaceful three-week standoff between the government and   demonstrators in and around Tiananmen Square erupted in violence on Saturday and   Sunday.
On Saturday at 1 A.M. China time tens of thousands of troops entered Beijing and   marched toward Tiananmen Square, the symbol of China's political power.
Most of the killed late Saturday and early Sunday fell in   the streets leading to the square where crowds tried to prevent troops from reaching the   square.
Saturday evening troops forced their way into the square, firing indiscriminately   into the crowds.
Chinese troops stormed Tiananmen Square early Sunday.
Saturday evening troops shot their way into Tiananmen, and on Sunday the protesters   ended their three-week occupation.
On Thursday the government allowed people to the edge of Tiananmen Square.
We may never know the number of people killed in and around Tiananmen Square.
The troops cut a bloody swath   through the heart of Beijing to reach the square.
The students defied the government's order to leave, and blocked streets leading to   the square.
Once the troops controlled the square and the firing diminished, loudspeakers blared   government and student announcements.
The confrontation between Chinese troops and hundreds of thousands of demonstrators   ended in the killing and wounding of untold numbers in Tiananmen Square.
Chinese Red Cross officials estimate that 3,600 died and 60,000 were injured   in and around the square last weekend.
At 5 A.M.   Sunday students began leaving the square that they had occupied for three weeks.
By dawn on Sunday tanks and riflemen controlled Tiananmen Square.
As   early as 27 April more than 150,000 surged past police lines and filled Tiananmen   Square.
Troops were   deployed on the Monument to Revolutionary Heroes in the square's center, and more at   important nearby intersections.
The crowd wave banners and wore buttons honoring "the martyrs of Tiananmen   Square".
On Tuesday, in the aftermath of the government's decisive action, soldiers sprayed a   diplomatic compound with bullets, and foreign embassies ordered their national to leave   Beijing.
Troops later fired on the crowds.
