The Irish Republican Army claimed responsibility for an explosion, which leveled a   military barracks and damaged nearby homes and left 11 people dead and 22 injured.
In what they said was a response to Prime Minister Thatcher's "declaration of war" in a   speech to the Ulster Defense Force, the Irish Republican Army claimed responsibility for   an explosion which leveled a three-story barracks in Deal, killing 10 and injuring 22.
Prime Minister Thatcher on Monday called the members of the Irish Republican Army   who blew up the barracks at the Royal Marines Music School "monsters" and "evil   people."
An explosion at the Royal Marines School of Music in the southeastern coastal town of   Deal killed eight people and injured 30.
Britons expressed anger and concern over the lax security procedures at British bases   following the Friday IRA bombing at the Royal Marines Music School in Deal.
An explosion at the southern England town of Deal leveled a two-story barracks at the   Royal Marines School of Music and seriously damaged many homes in the   neighborhood.
Defense Secretary Tom King issued an alert to all military   installations to prevent other attacks while defending the use of private security firms at   the Music School and 29 other "low risk" military bases in Britain.
Family members who lost sons to the IRA terrorist attack at the Royal Marines Music   School joined local residents and opposition politicians in condemning the security   arrangements at the academy.
The   barracks was part of the Royal Marines School of Music, the training center for young   recruits wanting to play in the seven Royal Marine bands.
The blast with leveled a barracks at the Royal Marines Music School in Deal on Friday   was condemned as "senseless" by Prince Phillip.
The   barracks, which belonged to the Royal Marines Music School, was the latest in a series of   IRA bombings of military facilities.
In   recent years, military targets on the British mainland have been attacked by the Irish   Republican Army as it seeks to rid Northern Ireland of British rule.
The Royal Marines Music School is one   of 30 bases in England employing private security firms.
The blast, an act of the Irish Republican Army, left 11 dead and 22   injured.
