The McMartin Pre-School child molestation case, the longest and most costly criminal   trial in U.S. history, closed with a verdict of not guilty for Ray Buckey and his mother,   Peggy McMartin Buckey.
The McMartin Pre-School molestation trial, the nation's longest and costliest trial, ended   with the acquittal of Raymond Buckey and his mother, Peggy McMartin Buckey on 52   charges of child molestation.
The disappointment and anger following the acquittal of Raymond Buckey and his   mother Peggy McMartin Buckey on 52 charges of child molestation, is reflected in the   words "Ray must die" scrawled on the McMartin Pre-School.
The longest criminal trial in U.S. history, the McMartin Pre-School molestation case,   began in August 1983 with a telephone call to the Manhattan Beach police.
Although the McMartin Pre-School criminal trial, the longest and costliest criminal trial   in history has ended although civil suits generated by the case could continue to years.
Most parents   of children involved in the case expressed disappointment with the legal system, citing   the defense for prolonging the case and the prosecution for not doing enough research to   prosecute the case properly.
The jurors deadlocked on 13   other charges.
The jurors deadlocked on 13 others charges.
Rev.
The Rev.
Although Therapist Kee McFarlane defended her work in the interviewing of hundreds of   children for the McMartin Pre-School molestation trial, jurors were critical of the   interview techniques.
Jurors were confused   on some points of law in the deadlocked charges, especially on how to reach a verdict on   the charge of conspiring between the two defendants; failing to see how they could find   one, but not both, innocent of the charge.
Jurors in the McMartin pre-school trial remained deadlocked on 13 of the charges   brought against Raymond Buckey and his mother, Peggy McMartin Buskey.
Jurors cited taped interviews by the Children's Institute International as a reason for   acquitting Raymond Buckey and his mother, Peggy McMartin Buckey, on 52 charges of   child molestation.
This began a   series of events which led to the arrest of Raymond Buckey, his mother Peggy McMartin   Buckey, his sister Peggy Ann Buckey, his grandmother Virginia McMartin and three   employees, Mary Ann Jackson, Babette Spitter, and Betty Raidor.
