Some may say "Wal-Mart: A History of Sam Walton's Retail Phenomenon" by Sandra   Vance and Roy Scott profiles the American Dream.
Wal-Mart founder Sam Walton helped the check-out clerks in his Fort Walton Beach,   Florida store on Tuesday evening.
Walton became one of the world's   most successful businessmen, leaving the second-largest fortune in the world.
Some question   Walton's anti-union policies, the impact of Wal-Mart on Mom and Pop stores, and   exploits of his children, but his book is all about "good ole" common sense and   anecdotes.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.'s Visitors Center opens Wednesday, 40 years after Sam Walton   opened a business in the same building in Bentonville, Arkansas.
Walton and his brother opened the   first Wal-Mart Discount City in 1962.
Walton proved discount stores   could be successful in rural towns and drove out hundreds of small main-street stores.
Paying unexpected calls on Wal-Mart stores is one way Chairman Sam Walton has kept   in touch with everyday happenings.
After working for the J.C. Penney   Co. and a tour in the army, Walton opened a Ben Franklin Store in nearby Newport.
"Made in America: My Story" is Sam Walton autobiography and tells how he negotiated   the pitfalls of being America's richest entrepreneur and a folk hero.
Although he is ranked as the richest man in the nation, Sam Walton is just another   neighbor to folks in Bentonville, Arkansas.
This scholarly work identifies Wal-Mart's ability to copy and   adapt, staying open to new technology, and building the most efficient retail distribution   system.
Success can be attributed to Walton's personality   and his willingness to challenge retailing orthodoxy.
Walton   stayed for the concert and led the Wal-Mart cheer.
Forbes first listed Walton as the richest man in the nation   in 1985, drawing worldwide attention to Bentonville.
Walton's personality permeates operations and his whole family is in the business.
He had come   to the Fort Walton Beach store to attend a promotional concert in its parking lot.
Sam Walton is arguably the most important retailer of his generation.
Walton has declined to comment.
Walton, 71, is known for his down-home style and surprise visits.
Walton, who died of   cancer in April, was a dull, happily married, folksy, quail hunter.
