Charleston and San Francisco are united by suffering two of the century's costliest, back-  to-back natural disasters, Hurricane Hugo and the Bay Area earthquake.
The stadium shook and the special concrete joints   strategically spaced around the top of the stadium to prevent earthquake damage did what   they were designed to, opening and closing as if the stadium was cardboard instead of   concrete.
A woman driving south toward San Francisco first thought   smoke from the Marina district fire was fog, then saw a big ball of flame.
High-rises swayed with little damage because of   earthquake codes that demand construction to withstand an 8-magnitude quake with a   San Francisco epicenter.
Seismologists had targeted the area struck by Tuesday's earthquake as the most likely   spot in Northern California for a strong quake, with 30% probability of a 6.5 quake by the   year 2018.
The California Seismic Safety Commission is just now figuring out bits and pieces of the   Bay Area earthquake disaster, feeling like the blind man trying to feel an elephant.
At Candlestick   Park, a reporter covering the World Series for a New York radio station reported seeing   the upper deck shaking and light stanchions blowing back and forth.
The widespread damage especially affected highways and old masonry   buildings that have the same type of structure as those heavily damaged in the 1987   Whittier quake in the Los Angeles area, which measured 5.9.
A 30-foot section of the San Francisco Bay Bridge upper deck collapsed   onto the bottom level.
A reporter at Candlestick Park Tuesday night when the earthquake hit first thought a low-  flying jet had passed overhead.
Tuesday's 6.9 earthquake was probably a strike-slip quake with one fault side grinding   horizontally past another.
The fracture was 10 miles deep and stretched 30 miles south   from the epicenter, which was the southernmost point of maximum ground slippage in   1906 and earlier identified as 30% likely for a major jolt in the next 30 years.
In 1985 Geologist   Christopher Scholz predicted a 6.9 quake any time in a northern portion of the San   Andreas Fault, believing the 1906 quake relieved less stress than thought.
A 30-foot section of the San Francisco Bay Bridge collapsed, killing one and   leaving two cars dangling between levels.
