Nepalese police have bulldozed more than 50 brick and mud houses that have been made   unstable by an earthquake that struck near the India-Nepal border and killed at least 749   people.
The parents of a Peace Corps worker learned Thursday that their son, a volunteer in   Nepal, was safe following and earthquake last weekend that killed at least 750 people in   that country and neighboring India.
Rescue workers coped with aftershocks and heavy rain in their efforts to reach remote   Himalayan region victims of an earthquake whose official death toll neared 700, with at   least 2,000 people injured in India and 1,000 in Nepal.
An earthquake that measured 6.5 on the Richter scale devastated parts of Nepal and India   earlier this week, killing more than 980 people.
The deadliest earthquake to strike the region since 1950 triggered landslides and   destroyed houses in the mountainous India-Nepal border area early Sunday, killing at   least 237 people and injuring more than 1500.
At least 562 people died in Nepal on Sunday and 196 in India when the deadliest   earthquake since 1950 hit their border region.
Rescuers searched through debris today for victims of an earthquake that ravaged one-  third of Nepal and parts of India, killing at least 650 people and injuring thousands.
Residents ran terrified on Wednesday in   both Bihar state, the worst hit area of India, and in Dharan, the worst hit area of Nepal, as   aftershocks were felt.
In Nepal, police bulldozed teetering houses Tuesday to keep people from returning to   homes left unsafe by a devastating earthquake.
A strong earthquake hit Nepal and parts of eastern India on Sunday, triggering landslides   and collapsing buildings.
Prime Minister Shrestha while visiting Nepal's hardest hit town, Dharan, on   Tuesday said, "This is the biggest calamity to strike Nepal."
In Bhaktapur, Nepal, mourners called for   revenge after political rivals beat a former legislator to death while he was distributing   relief supplies to earthquake victims.
In Nepal's cities of Katmandu and   Biratnagar, and in Patna, India, rumors of expected new quakes sent thousands of people   into the streets.
The   quake, lasting about 40 seconds, was centered near Udayapur, a town near the Indian-  Nepalese border and 100 miles southeast of Katmandu, Nepal's capital.
