The engineer of a ferry that sank off a Red Sea port, leaving more than 400 people   missing, denied accusations of widespread negligence on the part of the ship's crew.
The ferry captain was slow to   respond to requests by the skipper of the naval patrol boat to take control of the ferry's   wheel once it was under tow.
The ferry ran out of fuel mid-way in its journey and   sank after a naval patrol boat tried to tow it to port.
More than 100 people were feared drowned after an overcrowded ferry sank at a river   junction in southern Bangladesh.
In a single year, four ferry accidents left 320 people dead and at least 8 missing.
Authorities charges a ferry captain with negligent homicide after the boat, overcrowded   with New Year's travelers sank off Guatemala' east coast.
The ferry ran out of fuel mid-way on a regular 16-  mile run across Amatique Bay and sank while a tugboat was towing it to shore.
River pirates attacked another   ferry, throwing six people overboard.
The ferry captain radioed that he had taken the wheel just   as the boat began to capsize.
The pirates, who had boarded the ferry as   passengers, open fire and exploded bombs as people were bedding down for the night.
One ferry taking schoolchildren on a visit to a   hydroelectric power station sank off Hainan Island.
Four hundred seventy one people are missing in shark invested Red Sea waters and   investigators are looking into complaints from some of the 178 survivors that   crewmembers abandoned ship without helping them.
A boat carrying hundreds of Somali refugees struck a reef off Kenya and sank, killing   more than 130 people.
The ferry carried over 600 people.
The ferry was overloaded with   people and wheat and lacked life jackets.
A passenger ferry sank off the coast of Guatemala while being towed to port.
Overcrowding and safety violations caused an aging ferry to capsize in the Ganges River.
A ferry sank six miles of the Egyptian coast after ramming into a coral reef in stormy   seas.
Those on the ferry's roof   swam to safety, but most of those in the hull drowned.
The ferry inexplicably left standard navigational channels   and investigators were looking into the course change.
