Gilbert is now a   Category 3 storm, but at one point was the most intense in history and wrecked havoc   across the Dominican Republic, Haiti, Jamaica, and the Cayman Islands.
Hurricane Gilbert is moving toward the Dominican Republic, where the residents of the   south coast, especially the Barahona Province, have been alerted to prepare for heavy   rains, and high winds and seas.
Hurricane Gilbert, one of the strongest storms in history roared, toward Mexico's   Yucatan Peninsula Tuesday.
Hurricane Gilbert brought more than 24 hours of heavy rain to Monterrey and   Matamoros, Mexico, causing severe flooding and deaths.
Thousands of residents along the Gulf of Mexico fled on Thursday to higher ground as   the first storm from Hurricane Gilbert arrived in Brownsville, Texas.
Tropical storm Gilbert is now 50 miles southeast of   Monterrey, Mexico and continuing to weaken, although a flash flood danger remains.
Hurricane Gilbert battered the resorts along Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula today with 160   mph winds and torrential rains.
Gilbert, the most intense hurricane on record, is surging toward Texas after battering the   Yucatan Peninsula.
The hurricane killed at least   109 people and left more than 800,000 homeless as it barreled through the Caribbean and   Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula.
Tropical Storm Gilbert formed in the eastern Caribbean   and became a hurricane on Saturday night.
Gilbert has been declared a Category 5 storm but   has a storm surge, the dome of water that follows the eye, of only 8-12 feet.
The   hurricane has killed at least 109 people and relief operations to bring emergency food,   water, and medical supplies are continuing across the Yucatan Peninsula.
Hurricane Gilbert has weakened today to a tropical storm.
Hurricane Gilbert is heading toward Jamaica with 100 mph winds.
Gilbert is a   Category 5, the highest, storm and has been called the most intensive storm on record.
Earlier in the week, Gilbert had pounded the Dominican Republic, Jamaica,   and the Cayman Islands, killing at least 11 and leaving 60,000 homeless.
Gilbert formed in the eastern Caribbean and became a hurricane Saturday night.
A hurricane   warning has been issued for the southern half of the Texas coast with a hurricane watch   to the Louisiana border.
U.S. weather officials are calling Gilbert the most intense hurricane ever recorded in the   Western Hemisphere.
