General Accident, the leading British insurer, said yesterday that the claims arising from   Hurricane Andrew could reach as high as $40 million.
Damage from Hurricane Andrew could rise to $20 billion, making it one of the costliest   this century.
The cleanup from Hurricane Andrew has begun in Louisiana, where the Federal   Emergency Management Agency has set $77 million aside for recovery.
Andrew is gathering fresh strength in the Gulf   of Mexico and is expected to hit the Mississippi or Louisiana coast, possibly New   Orleans, tomorrow night or Thursday.
Fifteen people have been killed and damage in Florida is estimated to be $15 to $20   billion.
Fifteen people were killed in Florida, with two believed dead and dozens   injured in Louisiana.
The company's adjusters estimate total insured losses may reach $8 billion,   within total damages of more than $20 billion.
It is expected to make landfall soon and officials in Mississippi, Louisiana,   and Texas have ordered two million people to evacuate and many refineries are closed.
Hurricane Andrew smashed into Louisiana yesterday, damaging rural areas, but missing   New Orleans.
United Kingdom insurance experts say losses already could exceed $15 billion, but the   brunt of the losses will be among U.S. insurers.
The hurricane has already hit the Bahamas and Miami, Florida.
The last serious   hurricane caused $4.2 billion in insured losses in 1989.
While Hurricane Andrew wreaked havoc across the southern United States, the dollar   sustained a crisis.
Damage in southern Florida was much greater than was previously   believed, reaching more than $15 billion.
United States cities along the Gulf of Mexico are preparing for Hurricane Andrew, one of   the fiercest in decades.
Hurricane Andrew did   impact the financial markets.
In Louisiana, the hurricane hit rural and   agricultural areas and spawned tornadoes.
The U.S.   insurance industry will take the brunt of the losses.
General Accident, with a branch in Orlando, has .5 percent of the Florida   market.
Two million Floridians remain   without electricity or safe water.
The government estimated cleanup,   relief, and rebuilding will cost $20 to $30 billion.
If they do, "external catastrophe   reinsurance covers will be exposed", meaning General Accident can pass its losses on to   external reinsurers.
