Another Korean ship nearby rescued the crew of the sinking ship.
The Korean  crew sank its own ship after it failed to answer the Argentine ship's  warnings.
The ship's cargo was listed as material for a  uranium processing plant and was insured for $16 million dollars.
The British-registered ship was en route from  Athens to New York with a load of cement when it began taking on water in  the rough seas.
A  Costa Rican Coast Guard ship rescued the couple who said several whales  attacked and sank their boat.
The merchant ship Ravenscraig rescued 23 crewmembers of the Star of  Alexandria, which sank in rough seas 400 miles southeast of Cape Cod.
The Ostwind, a yacht built for Adolf Hitler, was sunk to commemorate the  "Voyage of the Damned" in which a ship carrying over 900 Jews escaping the  Holocaust was turned away and forced to return to Europe and to Nazi  concentration camps.
An ocean-crawling robot  discovered the ship in deep water about 600 miles west of Brest, France.
The incident occurred about 15 nautical miles off the coast of Malvinas so  the Argentine ship transferred assistance responsibility to British  authorities in accordance with bilateral agreements.
It should look at   design, ways to improve enforcement of existing regulations, and urge support of   the International Maritime Organization in its campaign to improve crew   training.
As the boat was sinking, they grabbed  fishing rods and a salt-water purifier and stayed alive by eating raw fish  and drinking purified water.
Roll-on roll-off ferries with vehicle decks running the entire length of  vessel are at great risk of capsizing should water penetrate the bow doors.
A cruise ship took the tourists to  the South Shetland Islands, but 104 crewmen remained at the station, which  is equipped for only 40 people.
The remains of the ship lie under 162 feet of water  making recovery difficult.
Structural evidence and the ship sitting upright convinced Ballard of the  scuttling rather than the British sinking it.
Greek divers have found the remains of a Turkish warship, the Bourloti  Seimaz, in the eastern Aegean near the island of Chios.
An American oceanographer, Robert Ballard, has discovered the location of  the German battleship Bismark, sunk in 1941.
Ballard believes the crew  scuttled the ship rather than allowing the British to capture or sink it.
