According to Niranjan Thapa, Nepal's minister of state for home affairs, 21 of Nepal's 75   districts suffered extensive damage in Sunday's earthquake on the India-Nepal border.
Rain in the India-Nepal border region where a major earthquake struck Sunday is   hampering rescue efforts.
Police Inspector G. Adhikari said bulldozers razed over 50 houses in Dharan that were   damaged in Sunday's earthquake that killed over 730 people in India and Nepal.
Both Peter and Bettyjean live in area of Nepal hardest hit   by the earthquake that killed over 750 in that country and India.
A strong earthquake hit Nepal and parts of eastern India at 4:54 a.m. Sunday and,   according to first reports, 100 people may have died.
An earthquake measuring 6.5 on the Richter scale struck the India-Nepal border region   Sunday, triggering landslides and destroying houses.
The death toll from Sunday's Himalayan earthquake rose to over 549 in Nepal as reports   arrive from remote areas.
On Friday, Nepal's official death toll from Sunday's Himalayan earthquake was updated   to704 as reports arrived from remote areas.
The Nepalese death toll from the Himalayan earthquake topped 562 on Wednesday as   rescue workers hampered by monsoon rains, aftershocks and washed out roads reached   remote areas and found 31 more bodies.
Nepal's Department of Geology   said the quake, centered near the border town of Udayapur, Nepal , measured 5.7 on the   Richter scale and lasted approximately 40 seconds.
In Biratnagar, a Nepalese city near the Indian border, in Katmandu and in Patna, India   rumors of another earthquake sent thousands of residents into open areas.
In Bhaktapur, Nepal mourners called for revenge after Karna Hyanju, a former legislator   and Communist Party sympathizer was beaten to death while distributing supplies to   earthquake victims.
The U.S. offered $25,000 in aid to both Nepal and India.
Helicopters carrying supplies and rescuers flew into the remote regions of Bihar, India   Heavy rains, overflowing rivers, and submerged bridges and roads hampered recovery   attempts.
In India, least 100 people were   killed in Bihar and at least 1000 more injured in house collapses in Bihar and surrounding   states.
Officials in Nepal say more than 497   people died.
Peace Corps spokesman Jim Flanigan said all but three of the 157 volunteers in Nepal are   safe.
