They expressed their   hope that under the leadership of the Guangdong provincial party committee and   government, people would make concerted efforts to help flood victims solve their living   problems, and go all out to battle the floods to ensure the safety of the Bei Jiang dike,   Guangzhou city and the Zhu Jiang Delta.
According to the State Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters, after the largest   or the second largest flood peaks since the liberation of China occurred a few days ago in   the Xi Jiang, Bei Jiang, Xiang Jiang, and Gan Jiang rivers, water levels in these rivers are   dropping slowly.
A team led by Wen Jiabao, alternate member of the CPC Central Committee Political   Bureau and member of the CPC Central Committee Secretariat, arrived in Jiangxi to   provide on-the-spot guidance for the on-going flood fighting and relief work and to direct   the resumption of industrial and agricultural production.
Governor Chen Bangzhu said in an interview that   this flood in Hunan province is of a severity unseen for the past 100 years in terms of   both water level and quantity.
Floods have hit Changsha, the capital of central China's Hunan Province following a   succession of rainstorms in the upper and middle Xiangjiang River.
The State Council, China's highest governing   body, sent a joint working group of the Ministries of Water Resources, Construction and   Civil Affairs to fight the floods in Guangxi and Guangdong.
The highest flood peaks on the Xijiang and Beijiang Rivers have passed, said Zhu Senlin,   governor of south China's Guangdong Province.
This morning Provincial Party Committee Secretary Wang Molin, provincial Governor   Chen Bangzhu, and other party and government leaders arrived at Changsha City to   direct the fight against the flooding.
Jiang Zemin, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee Political Bureau and   chairman of the Central Military Commission, and Li Peng, premier of the State Council,   are very concerned about floods in Guangdong Province.
The province has allocated grain,   cash and farm production supplies such as fertilizer and diesel fuel to the flood-stricken   areas.
Eleven   million people in the province's nine cities and 55 counties were affected, more than 200   people died, 189,000 rooms were destroyed and 1.2 million hectares of crops were ruined   in this natural disaster.
