The still-open gun breech, and flame and gases   reaching lower decks, suggest the explosion occurred while powder was in transit from a   powder hoist to the gun.
The gun's breech was open and undamaged with the projectile still present,   indicating the explosion occurred while powder was being transferred from a powder   hoist to the gun.
An explosion killed 47 aboard the Iowa on Wednesday while a turret crew loaded   gunpowder for target practice.
At a memorial service at Norfolk Naval Air Station Monday for the 47 Battleship Iowa   crewmen who perished in an explosion, President Bush spoke to 6000 mourners crowded   into a hangar.
A 7-member team of Navy investigators, including former battleship commander Rear   Adm. Milligan and gunnery experts, will look at possible human or mechanical errors as   causes of the explosion aboard the battleship Iowa that killed 47.
Naval investigators boarded the battleship Iowa to find out the cause of Wednesday's gun   explosion during a training exercise.
Crew in upper chambers of the gun turret died instantly in   the explosion, while those in lower levels suffocated as the blast siphoned off oxygen.
The explosion occurred   in a gun turret as a 16-inch gun was being fired during a training exercise about 330 miles   NE of Puerto Rico.
Reportedly, deaths in the gun turret's upper chamber resulted from the explosion   and fire while those in lower levels were from suffocation when the blast sucked all the   oxygen out of the spaces.
After extinguishing the fire, crew removed shells and powder   from two other gun barrels in the turret.
The battleship Iowa steamed home from Puerto Rico Friday under its own power,   following an explosion on board that killed 47.
Deaths in upper turret chambers were   from the explosion and fire while those at lower levels were due to suffocation when the   blast sucked out oxygen.
The surviving crew in the turret's   powder magazine, waiting for the gun to fire, evacuated when no one answered the   interior communications link.
Pathology exams  requested by the Navy have begun at Dover AFB on the sailors killed   in an explosion aboard the battleship Iowa.
Two of the 11 crew   members who survived the explosion that killed 47 stood on the blackened No.2 turret,   with full crews on the other two.
