A ceremony held on Friday and attended by Secretary of State James Baker and Soviet   Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze as well as their colleagues from France, Britain,   and the two Germanys marked the removal of Checkpoint Charlie, the allied checkpoint   20 yards from the crossing into East Berlin.
Checkpoint Charlie was erected after   Communist East Germany built the Berlin Wall and it came to symbolize the Cold War.
Attended by a brass band and the foreign ministers of the four World War II allies,   Checkpoint Charlie was lifted into history today.
Checkpoint   Charlie became superfluous last Fall when East Germany overthrew its communist   government and the German borders were opened.
As the U.S. Army band played a song about old Berlin, a crane hoisted the rectangular   white sentry station known as Checkpoint Charlie onto a waiting truck.
The proposal also called for the   departure of Western troops from West Berlin within six months as well as a 50 percent   reduction of the troops of all fours nations in the country within five years, eventually   reducing them further to a level of token contingents or completely withdrawing from   Germany.
In an elaborate ceremony attended by six foreign ministers, numerous generals, a brass   band and hundreds of reporters, Checkpoint Charlie was lifted on to a flatbed truck and   consigned to history.
The envoys from the two German states and   the four World War II allies were in Berlin to discuss German reunification.
Attendance by Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze, the first visit of a Soviet   foreign minister to Berlin, was seen as a gesture of reconciliation.
Citing Checkpoint Charlie as a symbol of   the Cold War, Secretary of State Baker hoped its removal would "bury the conflicts it   created."
Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Schevardnadze outlined the Soviet proposal allowing a   united Germany to join NATO after a five-year transition period.
Former West German   Chancellor Willy Brandt, who challenged the building of the wall in the 1960s as Mayor   of Berlin, sat in the front row of attendees.
The proposal came   during international talks in East Berlin on the strategic future of a united Germany.
One resident said she   saw eight people shot to death attempting to escape and at least 20 successful attempts.
