The battle for Tiananmen Square was fought primarily  in the streets leading to the   square where scores of people fell trying to prevent troops and armored military   vehicles from moving on the students camped in the square.
It is apparent that martial law and the assault on Tiananmen Square   last Sunday has not put an end to the pro-democracy movement in China which began   on April 18 after the death of former Communist Party chief Hu Yaobang.
Shooting continued through the night until 5 a.m. Sunday morning when the   demonstrators,  surrounded by armed and firing troops, began leaving the square,   ending their three-week occupation.
Chinese troops stormed Tiananmen Square early Sunday, shooting and beating their   way through crowds of pro-democracy protesters.
Today's killings and flight of hundreds of thousands of protesters from Tiananmen   Square is the outcome of events beginning with the death of former Communist party   chief Hu Yaobang on April 15 this year.
Yesterday the U.S. suspended all military sales and visits of Chinese military   leaders in response to the violent suppression of the pro-democracy movement in   China which began on April 18 after the death of former Communist Party chief Hu   Yaobang.
Blocked east of the square by thousands of   people, the troops dispersed, walking around near the square in small groups.
During May the protest movement focused on Tiananmen Square after   about 2,000 students began a hunger strike there and a million citizens rallied to their   support.
The exact number of people killed during the martial law occupation of Beijing may   never be known.
This morning Premier Li Peng answered anti-government demonstrations in   Shanghai, Nanjing and other cities and condemnation from around the world by praising   the soldiers who crushed earlier student demonstrations and demanding that student   leaders surrender.
As armies loyal to rival factions exchanged fire and soldiers continued to fire into   crowds around Beijing today, anti-government demonstrations spread to Shanghai,   Nanjing, Chengdu and other cities.
It is now apparent that the assault on Tiananmen Square last Sunday neither   ended the movement nor ended the government's forceful answer to demands for   reform.
Nearly all of the deaths and   injuries occurred Saturday night and early Sunday when troops fired randomly into large   crowds while forcing their way to Tiananmen Square.
