Spike Lee's 1989 movie "Do the Right Thing" was widely hailed by critics but received   only two Academy Award nominations -- neither one Best Picture or Best Director.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences had sued   Chicago-based Creative House Promotions, manufacturer of an employee-incentive   trophy called the Star Award, for copyright infringement.
This year's Academy Awards ceremonies opened with an elaborate, 10-minute Snow   White song-and-dance routine, without Disney's permission.
32-  year-old Lee blamed this on generational politics and racism, saying the academy   consisted mainly of "old people," who were more comfortable with black chauffeurs than   with the angry characters in his film.
Other factoids concern the   youngest, oldest, or posthumous recipients; family members who have been recipients in   the same picture; actors nominated in multiple categories, performers who have refused   their Oscars, those who have never appeared to collect their award; the number of TV   viewers, the number of countries watching, the speed of reading the rules, and who   decapitated his Oscar while practicing his golf swing.
This year's Academy Award show had too much dazzle and glamour, too many endless   production numbers, and too many awards with meaning lost to the general public.
Oscar nominations and victories increase film earnings, with a Best Picture award worth   about $20 million.
But   students at a lecture and question-and-answer session at Syracuse University Monday   gave Lee -- one of the first African-Americans to succeed as a producer and director -- a   warm reception, saying he addressed issues affecting their community.
The Academy of Motion   Picture Arts and Sciences told Disney only that the program contained no material   deleterious to Disney interests.
Disney sued for copyright infringement when the   academy refused to publicly apologize for unauthorized use of the Disney character.
The Academy lost its suit claiming the Houston   International Film Festival's similar Lone Star Statuette was a copyright infringement.
Oscar   sales have brought over $17,000 for heirs or friends, but the Academy sued to block   future sales, insisting winners agreed not to sell the trophies without first offering them to   the Academy for a nominal fee.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences tries to keep Oscar's sheen from   being tarnished by commercialism, even though it itself suggested limousines bringing   celebrities to the awards have door-mounted coolers bearing the Coca Cola logo.
