The countdown began Saturday for launching of Space Shuttle Discovery on its mission   of hoisting the Hubble Space Telescope (HST) into orbit above the earth's atmosphere.
The door covering the lens of the Hubble Space Telescope (HST) opened today and   Mission Control told the Discovery astronauts they are no longer needed.
NASA ground controllers finally made contact today with the two main antennas on the   Hubble Space Telescope (HST) after trying for more than six hours to lock on.
After years of delay and a last-minute snag, the Hubble Space Telescope (HST) was   freed from the shuttle Discovery at 3:38 p.m. EDT on Wednesday and placed in orbit   380 miles above the earth, 70 miles higher than any shuttle has previously flown.
Astronomers were jubilant as the space shuttle Discovery lifted off carrying the Hubble   Space Telescope into orbit, putting an end to seven years of delays caused by   technical problems and the Challenger explosion.
The Discovery crew deployed the Hubble Space Telescope (HST) on Wednesday but   stayed nearby in case there was trouble opening the aperture door.
Discovery's astronauts sent the Hubble Space Telescope (HST) floating free from the   shuttle today and it began orbiting Earth every 97.3 minutes at an altitude of 380 miles.
Six hours after a failed attempt, ground controllers re-established contact Thursday with   the Hubble Space Telescope (HST) through its main antennas.
HST's 10-foot aluminum aperture   door was opened exposing its finely polished 94.5-inch mirror to starlight for the first   time, but problems with its high-speed antennas will delay the release of its first test   image which had been planned for Tuesday.
The Hubble Space Telescope (HST) orbited with its lens cover open Friday, but its   electronics were shut down due to a malfunction.
Five astronauts boarded Discovery today preparing to send the Hubble Space   Telescope (HST) into orbit at an altitude of 380 miles.
Space shuttle Discovery trailed 57 miles   behind the HST and was to stay nearby until the Hubble's aperture door is opened   Friday morning.
The Hubble Space Telescope (HST) has arrived  seven years late where it belongs:   aboard the shuttle Discovery orbiting 380 miles above Earth.
The day after launch one of the   astronauts will use the shuttle's mechanical arm to  lift the 24,250 pound telescope into   space.
