The $1.5 billion Hubble Space Telescope left the shuttle Discovery's cargo bay on   Wednesday, nearly two hours and one orbit late, for orbit 380 statute miles above the   earth's distorting atmosphere.
The space shuttle Discovery soared to a record high orbit of 380 miles to deploy the $1.5   billion Hubble Space Telescope.
On Tuesday, a second attempt will be made to launch the shuttle Discovery with the $1.5   billion Hubble Space Telescope aboard.
Countdown resumed Saturday for the shuttle Discovery's delayed launch on Tuesday to   boost the $1.5 billion Hubble Space Telescope into orbit.
Shortly after launch aboard the shuttle Discovery on Tuesday, the Hubble Space   Telescope sent its first test radio signal.
The eyepiece used by astronomer Edwin Hubble from the Mount Wilson Observatory's   100-inch Hooker Telescope, once the world's most powerful, was carried into orbit by   the shuttle that launched the space telescope honoring him, a symbolic gesture from   astronomy's past to its future.
The shuttle Discovery astronauts triumphantly launched the $1.5 billion Hubble Space   Telescope.
Ground controllers at the Goddard Space Flight Center finally made contact with the   Hubble's two main antennas after trying for more than six hours to lock on.
It took three attempts to deploy the telescope's second   solar array panel, thus causing the delayed release from Discovery to operational orbit.
Discovery will aim to place the telescope in   orbit at an altitude of 380 miles where astronomers hope it will be able to look back   almost to the beginning of time.
The new Tuesday launch day is   14 days after the flight was grounded just four minutes before takeoff by a faulty   hydraulic power steering unit.
During its 15-year working lifetime, the   telescope will provide astronomers with 10 times better resolution and 25 times more   sensitivity than ground-based observatories.
It happened one orbit late, after last-ditch commands from Earth freed a stuck   solar panel, averting an emergency spacewalk by crewmembers standing by to pull out   the array if necessary.
With Discovery on track,   engineers readied the shuttle Columbia for rollout to its launch pad for its May 16   Spacelab astronomy mission.
Using the Hooker telescope, Hubble was the first to   determine the distance to a galaxy outside the Milky Way.
