The dispute between Iraq and Kuwait began when Iraq accused Kuwait of flooding the oil   market and stealing $2.4 billion worth of oil.
This is the   first commercial flight out of Iraq since it invaded Kuwait and the U.N. Security Council   banned all trade and military ties with Iraq.
Most countries have joined a U.N.-sanctioned boycott of oil from Iraq and Kuwait in an   effort to convince Iraq to withdraw its forces.
Iraq' deputy permanent   representative to the U.N. claims "the Iraqi government...is pursuing no goal or objective   and wishes only cordial relations with Kuwait."
Iraq struck back against the West today, rounding up foreign nationals in Kuwait as the   U.N. Security Council approved trade and military sanctions.
Iraq accused Kuwait of stealing   and overproducing oil.
Kuwait's ambassador to the U.N. declared that the invasion   took place on a false, flimsy pretext, and if it is not "deterred in a decisive manner" by the   U.N., no country will ever be safe.
The writers now are castigating Kuwait and the United States--the Great Satan--for   creating a Frankenstein by supporting Iraq in the war.
Iraqi's powerful army claimed victory today in its lightning invasion of oil-rich Kuwait.
Iraqi troops invaded Kuwait and by early Friday controlled Kuwait city, the capital.
Talks collapsed and Iraq overran Kuwait   before dawn on August 2.
Iraq, with 17 million people, amassed 100,000   of the most battle-trained army in the Arab world on the border.
On July 24, the United States announced a "short-  notice exercise" in the Persian Gulf and Kuwait reinstated its alert.
On July 24, the United States announced a "short-  notice exercise" in the Persian Gulf and Kuwait went on alert.
OPEC ministers then agreed to halt   overproduction and the two nations met to negotiate, although 100,000 Iraqi troops, 79,700   more than the Kuwait army, were on the border.
On July 20, Kuwaiti officials responded that   Iraq wanted them to forgive war debts.
The Kuwaiti emir has fled to Saudi Arabia and Iraqis occupy the palace and all   government buildings and are moving toward the oil facilities.
About 1,000 people a day are reported fleeing Kuwait   through the desert to Saudi Arabia.
Sources report Saudi troops moving toward its border with Kuwait.
