Last year   the marathon grossed four million dollars.
Both are relatively   new to running the marathon distance of 26.2 miles, and for each it was the first marathon   victory.
The women's   side features Ingrid Kristiansen and Joan Benoit Samuelson They are the two fastest   female marathoners in history, and each has had a baby since the last marathon.
The women's marathon was contested last Saturday at the same hour and under the   similar conditions.
The 1990 San Diego Marathon was run on the North County course.
The early morning   temperatures during June range in the 50s,making it an ideal mid-summer marathon.
It was the   largest field in the 19-year history of the marathon.
The storied Boston Marathon will be contested Monday over the historic course that   starts on Hopkinton, west of Boston, and ends in Copley Square on the Back Bay section.
The marathon is not yet a world-class event, but it is the best-marketed, slickest and   sponsor-driven of the world's major marathons.
The marathon will be   run in the late afternoon heat and humidity, and not in the usual early morning hours.
It was the first   marathon to be run there.
A typical package includes air   fare, lodging, specified social activities in connection with the marathon, entry fees, and a   guaranteed spot in restricted entry races.
The women's field for Sunday's running of the 1991 San Francisco Marathon is an   especially strong one.
Other   marathons have had corporate backing, but Los Angeles is out in front in making a   marathon into a commercial spectacle.
John Kelley is training for the 1992 Boston Marathon next April.
The 1988 New York City Marathon drew a field of over 23,000 runners.
The 1990 Los Angeles Marathon has an impressive list of commercial sponsors.
Another   human interest story is Johnny Kelley who will run in his 60th Boston Marathon.
The marathon was run in   beautiful weather, with warm breezes and 74-degree readings.
More than 18,000 runners are expected to run in the 1987 Los Angeles Marathon.
This year promoters expect to gross five   million, and break even for the first time.
More than 13,000 runners from 13 countries and 49 states ran the Marine Corps   Marathon in Washington, D.C.
