Hinton, 66, has been assistant secretary of state for   economic and business affairs, US representative to the European Community, and   director and economic counselor of the State Department's Agency for Economic   Development in Chile and Guatemala.
President Bush's nominee for ambassador to Mexico is  28-year Foreign Service veteran   John D. Negroponte, who as ambassador to Honduras from 1981-1985, helped direct CIA   aid to Nicaraguan rebels.
The nonpartisan American Academy of Diplomacy rated Joseph Gildenhorn, Bush's   nominee for US ambassador to Switzerland, unqualified based on a comparison of his   biography and the job's requirements.
Wells' 1986 nomination as   ambassador to Mozambique was held up for 11 months by Senator Jesse Helms, who   wanted to pressure the administration into dealing with rightist guerrillas opposed to   Mozambique's Marxist government.
Today the Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted 13-0 to endorse the nomination of   Michigan Republican activist Peter F. Secchia as ambassador to Italy.
Democrats said three of Bush's ambassadorial nominees -- Florida real estate developers   Joseph Zappala and Marvin Sembler to Spain and Australia, respectively; and Seattle real   estate broker Della Newman to New Zealand -- had no qualifications except political   connections.
In confirmation hearings,   he pledged to enhance Jordan's role in the peace process and attend to Jordanian stability,   human rights, compliance with sanctions against Iraq, termination of the boycott of   companies doing business with Israel, anti-terrorism efforts, and investment potential  in   Jordan.
For the last three years, Lilley has been ambassador to South Korea and hoped to   become assistant secretary of state for US policy in East Asia.
At the State   Department, he was director of NATO Affairs, assistant secretary in charge of Political-  Military Affairs, director of Intelligence and Research, and undersecretary for   management.
Foreign Service Director Edward Perkins, US ambassador to South Africa in   1986 when the US imposed economic sanctions to end apartheid, is to succeed Pickering   at the UN.
The choice of heavyweight Wesley Egan as new US ambassador to Jordan signals   Jordan's importance to the US.
As of Tuesday, veteran US diplomat Ronald Spiers will be the new undersecretary-  general for General Assembly affairs, the top-ranking American post at the UN.
