About 100,000 people will visit Tampa this week for the festivities leading up to Super   Bowl XXV, and this year, unlike in 1984, the black community is sharing in the profits   generated by the game.
Joe Montana's 10-yard touchdown pass to John Taylor with 34 seconds left in the game   gave the San Francisco 49ers a 20-16 Super Bowl victory over the Cincinnati Bengals on   Sunday.
The Los Angeles Sports Council will offer the NFL incentives to hold Super Bowl   XXVII in the Rose Bowl in 1993, including rent-free use of the stadium and all income   from concession sales.
This marks only the third time that the Super Bowl network did not win the week and   only the second time that it was third for the week.
Montana set five Super Bowl career records, including his third Super   Bowl MVP award, and San Francisco's point total was the most ever.
In a White House reception on Friday, President Bush congratulated the San Francisco   49ers on their third Super Bowl title in eight years, saying they "rewrote the record   books."
Despite the low rating, about 108.5 million people saw   Sunday's game, making it the ninth most-watched TV show ever in the U.S. behind eight   Super Bowls and the final episode of "Mash."
Anheuser Busch Cos.Inc, and Miller Brewing Co. will attempt to take advantage of the   hype preceding Super Bowl XXIV by running television commercials featuring mock   football games.
Though 63% of TV viewers or approximately 109 million people watched Super Bowl   XXIV on CBS, the network finished the week in the cellar in the ratings race.
The face value of a 50-yard-line seat at the Super Bowl is $75, not   $1500, the going rate.
New, tougher tax laws on what can be claimed as business entertainment expense haven't   slowed demand for tickets to Sunday's Super Bowl XXI.
The late Vince Lombardi coached the two-time Super Bowl champion Green Bay   Packers.
It was the third Super Bowl win for 49ers   Coach Bill Walsh.
Wide receiver Jerry Rice caught 12 passes for 222 yards, both Super Bowl records, and   was named the game's most valuable player.
Anheuser Bush's campaign features a "Bud Bowl II" that culminates   during the Jan.28 game in New Orleans.
