A biography of former Beatle John Lennon by Albert Goldman, discloses a sometime   unflattering portrait of both Lennon and his second wife Yoko Ono.
Lennon and his wife Yoko Ono were returning to their apartment in New   York on December 8, 1980 when Lennon was shot to death by Mark Chapman a   deranged fan.
A biography that portrays former Beatle John Lennon as a drug addled, anorexic,   bisexual who raged his way from Liverpool to New York is totally fiction said his   widow, Yoko Ono.
Both his first wife,   Cynthia Lennon and his second wife Yoko Ono as well as his two sons have denounced   the book as exploiting Lennon's memory and full of lies and untruths.
Though it failed to   delve too deeply into the darker side of Lennon and the Beatles it does capture the music   and the times in which Lennon lived.
Lennon's widow   collaborated in the film and described it as the definitive documentary of John Lennon's   life.
Proceeds of the concert   will go to the Spirit Foundation, the charity founded by John Lennon and his wife Ono in   1978.
Ten years after his death, Yoko Ono, wife of former Beatle John Lennon is thriving.
In the decade since the death of former Beatle John Lennon, his wife, Yoko Ono has   issued several albums and collections of his work.
Julia Baird, former Beatle John Lennon's half-sister, has written a memoir about   Lennon's younger years.
Soviet official newspapers, which one denounced the Beatles as harmful, joined a   worldwide celebration and paid tribute to the late John Lennon who would have been   fifty this year.
Prior to   meeting Lennon, Newmark was nervous about working with him, but found that Lennon   was just a "working musician".
Ono was an artist when Lennon met her and she later joined him in his music and   demonstrations for peace.
Goldman portrays Ono as a cynical manipulator who   exploited Lennon to further her own wish for wealth and fame.
Lennon's widow, Yoko Ono made brief remarks remembering her husband as a man of   love.
Prior to his death, Lennon was reported to have turned his life around   following a difficult period when his relationship with his wife had suffered.
