Experience of a reporter at Candlestick Park for the World Series the night of the 1989 San   Francisco quake:    I was sitting in a trailer outside the stadium when the earthquake hit.
The major earthquake that struck the San Francisco Bay area Tuesday occurred in a region   targeted from previous studies by seismologists as having the highest probability of a strong   quake in North California.
The cities of Charleston, SC and San Francisco have similarities and differences when they were   the scenes of two back-to-back disasters: Hurricane Hugo and the Bay Area earthquake.
Charleston, however, in contrast   to San Francisco, could quickly assess structural damage and it lost no major economic area such   as the Bay Bridge.
Private groups and officials from around the world and the US offered earthquake relief to the   San Francisco Bay area.
In the recent San Francisco earthquake, why did some luxury four-story apartments or office   buildings collapse while high-rises escaped virtually unscathed?
The 1988 report cited probabilities for major temblors along the San   Andreas in central and southern California, but pinpointed the Santa Cruz mountains as the most   vulnerable partly because the area marked the southernmost point of maximum ground slippage   during the 1906 earthquake.
In the face   of conflicting evidence, the US Geological Survey issued a 1988 report that concluded the 1906   quake didn't release as much stress in the San Francisco region as believed.
Tuesday's earthquake, the strongest on the San Andreas fault since the 1906 San Francisco   quake, came in a place scientists identified in 1988 as the most likely in Northern California   within the next 30 years.
A reporter covering the World Series at Candlestick Park noted, "The upper deck was absolutely   shaking, the light stanchions were blowing back and forth."
One section of the San Francisco Bay Bridge collapsed.
Los Angles shipped doctors, sonic equipment, and fire investigators;   Charleston, SC and a California brewery sent drinking water; the Salvation Army provided   cooked food canteens; the Red Cross blood units and shelters; and the Coast Guard boats and   helicopters.
One report said the quake was centered near Hollister, 80 miles southeast of San   Francisco in San Benito County.
