Jurors in the McMartin Pre-School molestation case said today that they have reached a   verdict on 52 counts of the case and remained deadlocked on the last 13 charges.
Although the longest criminal trial in history is over, a baffling array of civil suits may   follow the McMartin Pre-School molestation case.
The longest, costliest, criminal trial in history ended Thursday when Ray Buckey and his   mother, Peggy McMartin Buckey, were found not guilty on 52 counts in the McMartin   Pre-School child molestation case.
Seven jurors in the McMartin Pre-School molestation case talked with reporters after   their acquittal of Raymond Buckey and his mother on Thursday.
A therapist defended her role in the McMartin Pre-School molestation trial against   Raymond Buckey and his mother, which ended Thursday with acquittal on 52 counts and   13 counts deadlocked.
Who is to blame for the nation's longest and costliest trial, the McMartin Pre-School   molestation case, which ended Thursday?
Neighbors of the McMartin Pre-School reacted today to the conclusion of the molestation   trial against former teachers Raymond Buckey and his mother, Peggy McMartin Buckey,   who were acquitted of 52 charges on Thursday.
Raymond Buckey and his mother, Peggy McMartin Buckey, are charged with 64 counts   of molestation of children attending their family-owned pre-school and one count of   conspiracy.
The McMartin Pre-School molestation case began in August 1983 when Judy Johnson   accused Raymond Buckey of molesting her son.
The story of the McMartin Pre-School molestation case appears headed for television and   the bookstores.
Thursday's acquittals in the McMartin Pre-School molestation case brought widely   divergent reactions.
The McMartin trial, the longest   criminal case in history, ended Thursday with no convictions.
In one, early defendants are suing those who broke the story and, in   another, defendants and the pre-school are suing liability insurance carriers.
A Hermosa Beach minister, originally implicated in the McMartin Pre-School   molestation scandal, is seeking disability retirement.
Special targets of criticism were the personal   ambitions of the prosecutors and the decision to have a private child-therapy group   interview potential victims.
The jurors also criticized a letter sent to   parents by police after the first accusation, saying the letter put information out too early   and led parents.
