In an   effort to stave off the worst effects of the drought, farmers in Oregon shipped 20 tons of   hay to Kentucky and other states were compiling information on where hay might be   available.
The outlook for the next 30 days to three months indicates that the areas   worst hit by the drought can expect little relief with chances of a less than normal amount   of rainfall  ranging from 55 percent in the major grain growing states to 70 percent in part   of southern California.
Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng, speaking at a meeting of farm magazine, extension,   advertising, co-op, and broadcasting editors, said that although the United States is   suffering from a severe drought, the U.S. will continue to be a major player in world   agriculture.
The current drought may be cause for the government to ease crop acreage restrictions   next year in an effort to rebuild the grain industry.
Elsewhere, severe summer storms which have spawned tornados in Kansas   and caused high winds in Indiana and Michigan, causing widespread damage did little to   alleviate drought conditions in those states.
Drought conditions continue to affect the nation as state officials seek to deal with the   water shortage.
The world grain stock levels are expected to drop in the wake of the continued drought in   the United States.
A hurricane specialist said this year's hurricane activity is expected to   be heavier than normal, but stressed that a hurricanes effect on drought is variable.
In Alabama, recent rains have done little to help urban areas and the   state's cotton supply is in critical condition while officials of Elk Horn, Iowa look for   drinking water for their town.
A   large portion of the U.S. was suffering from drought stress and about 35 percent of the   contiguous United States was rated severe to extreme by July 2.
Climatologists meeting at a symposium sponsored by the Weather Channel warned that   public concern over the drought will end with improvement in the weather.
Weather experts are calling for more research and study in an effort to understand the   conditions causing the present drought.
Many of the   13 climatologists and meteorologists meeting at the symposium agreed that the earth's   temperature is rising but were unsure if this were a short tem or long term phenomenon   but stated that policymakers need to begin to deal with its possible effects.
