In the aftermath of California's earthquake, the White House flew into a whirlwind of activity   yesterday--partly to get federal aid flowing--but also to project an image of a White House in   action.
The governor, claiming he wasn't told that a freeway might collapse in an earthquake, may be   defending his opposition to a gasoline tax increase that could have funded highway development.
(Reporter, World Series) Governor George Deukmejian of California is right in calling for a session of the Legislature to   assure victims that the state will provide its share of aid as soon as possible and without a lot of   red tape.
But investors   hope the financial and psychological impact of the earthquake will stem the price-cutting wars   between insurers the past two years.
Mr. Bush was briefed early, signed a disaster proclamation, and visited the Federal Emergency   Management Agency (FEMA) where he said he hoped there would be "less carping" about the   agency's performance this time, adding that it "took a hit" for its reaction to Hurricane Hugo.
However, only about 25 to 30% of the homes in the   earthquake-prone San Francisco area have earthquake insurance.
Analysts and industry spokesmen say most San Francisco-area homeowners may have to pay out   of their own pockets for Tuesday's earthquake.
Insurers may have to pay billions of dollars for this weekend's California earthquake.
About two-thirds of earthquake insurance   policies in the US are sold in California.
It is predicted that the quake damages may in fact lead to rate hikes, although   insurers and state legislators are battling over the rates and how they are set.
The governor is wrong, however, in distancing himself from the California Department   of Transportation (Caltran) concerning what caused the Nimitz Freeway in Oakland to collapse.
Various persons witnessing the recent San Francisco earthquake conveyed their reactions as   follows:    "It's like a blind man trying to feel an elephant.
About 25% of the policyholders have   earthquake insurance.
President Bush and his aides were accused of responding too slowly to the Exxon Valdez   oil tanker spill and Hurricane Hugo.
(Member, California Seismic Safety Commission)    "Usually earthquakes pass, but this one went on and on.
Insurers might face bills totaling $1 billion or more but no company is expected to suffer serious   financial damage.
