He   detailed his purge of the coup leaders and pledged cooperation with and praised Russian   Republic President Boris Yeltsin and said he did not plan to leave the Communist Party.
Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev was said to be back in power today as the coup against him   collapsed.
Soviet President Gorbachev was prepared to head back to Moscow to reclaim power after the   hard-line coup against him while he vacationed in Crimea collapsed.
Gorbachev affirmed Yeltsin's decrees to ban party activities in the Russian republic, the police   and KGB, but balked at proposals to ban the Communist Party.
US Intelligence officials, a week before the Soviet coup, warned the White House that Soviet   hard-liners might act to block the signing of the new Union Treaty although they knew too little   to enable President Bush to act.
In a joint appearance in the Russian Parliament, Yeltsin made it clear that   Gorbachev has authority only if agreeing to share power and intensify the march toward   democracy and a market economy.
Mikhail Gorbachev and Boris Yeltsin, meeting for the first time since the coup collapsed,   pressed ahead with a sweeping purge of coup supporters.
His standing, however, was transformed   when he was trumped by Boris Yeltsin who, unlike Gorbachev, challenged the Communist Party   with eagerness and stayed close to the Russian people, who made him a formidable political   force.
Yeltsin interrupted Gorbachev's speech and aggressively   announced a decree had been signed suspending the activity of the Russian Communist Party.
A specialist in Soviet affairs has written an article asking the question: "Did Mikhail Gorbachev   orchestrate the coup that almost overthrew him?"
Some views supporting this conspiracy theory   are: Gorbachev ignored clear warnings about attempts to seize power; his description of his three   days under arrest in the Crimea invites the question of why his 32 guards didn't act against the   opposition delegation and why weren't they incapacitate; he may have sided with the   conspirators but waited out self-imposed confinement.
Yeltsin, who led the nationwide coup resistance, suspended six Communist Party newspapers   and nationalized printing presses in the Russian Republic.
All of Moscow's Communist Party   buildings were sealed as protesters blockaded the Party headquarters to prevent removal of   document linking Party members with the coup.
