It is made of Britannia metal and plated with copper, nickel,   and gold.
The Oscar, created 60 years ago by MGM art director Cedric Gibbons, weighs 8 pounds   and stands 13 inches tall.
The only engraving mistake was "Dick   Tracy" instead of "Spencer Tracy" in 1938.
From 1942-44 it was made of plaster.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and   Sciences reserves the first right to buy an Oscar from anyone.
It is manufactured by Chicago's R.S.
Owens Co. 1,816 have been produced so far.
For instance, director Steven   Spielberg has never been nominated for an individual achievement even though his films   are the biggest moneymakers in history.
The Academy Awards are criticized for their unfairness when films get nominated but   their directors don't, perhaps out of professional jealousy.
"All About Eve" is the   most-nominated film (14), Ben Hur the most awarded (11), and Walt Disney the most-  awarded person (32).
The Irving Thalberg award for consistently high   quality of production has come in handy for acknowledging giants who were overlooked   and for salving the academy's conscience.
In 1986 the Directors Guild named him best director.
Other factoids concern the   youngest, oldest, or posthumous recipients; family members who have been recipients in   the same picture; actors nominated in multiple categories, performers who have refused   their Oscars, those who have never appeared to collect their award; the number of TV   viewers, the number of countries watching, the speed of reading the rules, and who   decapitated his Oscar while practicing his golf swing.
Oscar nominations and victories increase film earnings, with a Best Picture award worth   about $20 million.
Films that became classics   have been overlooked, too.
Some Oscar voting is done by committee, in violation of voting rules, when   voters unfamiliar with the candidates seek the consensus of friends.
"Citizen Kane" won only for its script.
Voting is   on the honor system, but there is no guarantee that academy members fill out their own   ballots.
Oscar   sales have brought over $17,000 for heirs or friends, but the Academy sued to block   future sales, insisting winners agreed not to sell the trophies without first offering them to   the Academy for a nominal fee.
