The Los Angeles marathon has a marketing orientation rather than that of a first class   athletic event.
The lineup of commercial support is   impressive.
In only 5 years, it has become the best marketed, slickest, most modern   and sponsor-driven of the world's major marathons.
Mercedes-Benz, along with other sponsors, provides the race with the bulk   of its operating budget.
Organizers of the marathon expect to   increase this year's total purse of $202,520 by $100,000 next year.
The marketing approach makes the race lucrative, but it does not   give it prestige or attract the world's best runners.
It has been designed to make   money for the closely held company that controls it as well as for the city.
More than   18,000 runners are expected this year and the event is expected to gross about 5 million   in cash and services to break even.
The Los Angeles marathon is a commercial spectacle.
Benjamin Martinez of Mexico and Kathy Smith of Newport Beach were crowned   winners of the San Diego Marathon, earning $2,000 apiece.
The Boston Marathon is becoming a reckless speed duel and the last three have produced   five of the top 10 times in the race's history.
Runners in the women's marathon, who followed the same course   the men will use, showed great physical and mental distress.
It was the largest ever marathon with 23,478   participants.
The Barcelona Olympic men's marathon will prove one of the demanding ever run.
He entered his first marathon in   1928 at age 21, but dropped out three-quarters of the way through the race.
The event lacks some of the superstars who race in   Boston, New York and London.
All seven of the highly ranked women runners   have run marathons in under 2 hours and 40 minutes.
In   addition its cool summer temperatures make it one of the few places where you can have   a marathon in the middle of the summer.
DeAnna Sodoma of Escondido won he fir marathon wheelchair race in 2:17:52 and Saul   Hernandez of Mexico won the men's division in 1:57:50.
After Kelly   took a battery of endurance tests, a doctor said that he had the body 60 year-old man.
The event may surpass New York in numbers of participants next year.
