All five children   were of Southeast Asian parentage.
In an attempt to reach out to the California school where five children were killed by a   gunman, a South Carolina school will send cards and words of encouragement.
A heavily armed gunman invaded Cleveland Elementary School in Stockton and killed   five children and wounded 30 other people before taking his own life.
Many of the parents rushing to the school in the aftermath of the shooting could   not speak English and representatives of the Charterhouse Center refugee program put   out an urgent call for translators.
Sixty percent of the children are of Southeast Asian   descent.
Patrick Edward Purdy, aka Eddie Purdy West, who killed five children at a Stockton,   California, school on Tuesday had a history of problems with the law.
The drifter took his own lifer after killing   the five and wounding 30 others.
Thousands of Southeast Asians have settled in Stockton   in recent years, drawn by the farming and the fishing opportunities in the area.
According to authorities, a man carrying an automatic rifle fired several dozen shots at an   elementary school on Tuesday, killing six children and wounding at least 35 other people.
Patrick Edward Purdy was a student at Cleveland Elementary School from kindergarten   through the third grade.
Memorial services were held on Saturday for the five school children slain by a suicidal   drifter.
She spoke at   the Central Methodist Church where services were held for the four Cambodian children   who were killed.
Memorial services for the five children killed at Cleveland Elementary School.
Described as a   child alcoholic and loner who was mildly retarded, Purdy was a high school dropout who   held a series of jobs around the country.
The 26-year-old drifter who entered the Cleveland Elementary School on Tuesday armed   with an assault rifle had a long criminal record.
Police are still investigating what caused Purdy to   open fire at the school with an AK-47, killing five students and injuring 29 more.
Authorities said that eight people were being treated at St. Joseph's   Medical Center with the remainder the people wounded were being treated at other   hospitals.
The children of families who fled the horrors of the Vietnam War saw their schoolyard   turned into a killing field by a gunman armed with a rifle and a pistol.
