Nepal's Department of Geology   said the quake, centered near the border town of Udayapur, Nepal , measured 5.7 on the   Richter scale and lasted approximately 40 seconds.
In New Delhi, the Seismological   Observatory said the quake measured 6.5 on the Richter scale.
A strong earthquake hit Nepal and parts of eastern India at 4:54 a.m. Sunday and,   according to first reports, 100 people may have died.
Radio Nepal said houses collapsed in Bhaktapur and Dharan killing at least 27.
In the Indian city of Dharbhanga, Bihar, 14 children are believed dead after their school   hostel collapsed.
Officials of both countries expect the death toll to rise after they receive reports from the   harder hit remote areas.
In India, least 100 people were   killed in Bihar and at least 1000 more injured in house collapses in Bihar and surrounding   states.
An earthquake measuring 6.5 on the Richter scale struck the India-Nepal border region   Sunday, triggering landslides and destroying houses.
Peace Corps spokesman Jim Flanigan said all but three of the 157 volunteers in Nepal are   safe.
Both Peter and Bettyjean live in area of Nepal hardest hit   by the earthquake that killed over 750 in that country and India.
Rain in the India-Nepal border region where a major earthquake struck Sunday is   hampering rescue efforts.
According to Niranjan Thapa, Nepal's minister of state for home affairs, 21 of Nepal's 75   districts suffered extensive damage in Sunday's earthquake on the India-Nepal border.
Rescue operations are   being hampered by the monsoon rains which began in late June.
In   Nepal, over 450 were killed and up to 1,000 were injured.
Police Inspector G. Adhikari said bulldozers razed over 50 houses in Dharan that were   damaged in Sunday's earthquake that killed over 730 people in India and Nepal.
In India, the official count rose to 277, but   survivors, the news media and opposition politicians say fatalities could be as high as   1500.
The U.S. offered $25,000 in aid to both Nepal and India.
Both countries were sending emergency medical teams to the area.
The quake, measuring 6.5 on the Richter scale, was the region's deadliest since 1950   when a temblor in Assam, India killed, by official count, 1500.
