The 50th anniversary of John Lennon's birth was observed in a global  celebration.
More than 1,000 radio stations and networks from 50 countries had  signed on for the satellite broadcast.
In Liverpool, Lennon's hometown, fans and  civic dignitaries paid tribute.
Following a brief ceremony at he United Nations, Lennon's  peace anthem "Imagine" was played for an estimated one billion people in 130  nations.
The concert concluded with a recording  of Lennon singing "Imagine" as giant screens showed a video featuring John  and Yoko.
Fans gathered in Hollywood at the  late Beatle's sidewalk star.
Fans in New York planned a pilgrimage to  the spot outside the Dakota apartment building where Lennon was murdered  nearly 10 years ago.
The other former Beatles did not attend, but Paul  McCartney and Ringo Starr sent taped messages.
Father Tom MacKenzie, who was immortalized in the Beatles' 1966 hit  song, "Eleanor Rigby" was present at the ceremony.
A  plaque outside commemorated speeches given there many years earlier by  Lennon's near namesake, Vladimir Lenin, founder of the Soviet Union.
The musicians all assembled  on stage for "Give Peace a Chance".
Yoko Ono, widow of the late Beatle, John Lennon promotes her own works, but  her main activity is to promote Lennon's art and image.
Thousands of John Lennon fans attended a benefit concert in his hometown,  Liverpool, honoring the late, former Beatle.
She now lives in New York and Geneva.
Many musicians from the US and Britain  performed at the concert.
John Lennon had been in virtual seclusion for five years, taking care of his  son, Sean, and, admittedly out of songwriting ideas.
More than 1,000 radio stations from 50 countries  broadcast the event.
The state television  program "Vremya" reported on the event and even called Lennon's "Imagine" an  "anthem of peace".
Goldman says his view of  Lennon changed after 1,200 interviews uncovered the worst regarding Lennon.
A biography, The Lives of John Lennon, by Albert Goldman portrays the late  Beatle as a violent, anorexic, bisexual, drug-addicted drunk.
John Lennon's message of peace was delivered when his song "Imagine" was  played simultaneously for one billion people in 130 countries to celebrate  what would have been his 50th birthday.
Lennon's  widow, the normally reclusive Yoko Ono, has called the work "totally  fiction" in her first broadcast comments on the book.
