The latest issue of the Soviet News included a sensitive article on Andrei Sakharov and   his wife, Yelena Bonner.
He and Yelena live frugally in Moscow.
In the past the state-run media has branded the dissident couple   as traitors.
He was exiled for criticizing the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan.
The article made only indirect mention of Sakharov's forced exile in the   closed city of Gorky.
Sakharov used the occasion to outline a detailed program that would   transform the Soviet Union.
Sakharov now supports Gorbachev, but wants all political prisoners released.
Andrei Sakharov was banished without trial to the closed city of Gorky in January 1980.
Sakharov is a member of the prestigious Academy of Sciences and a 1975 Nobel Peace   Prize winner.
He said the Soviet Union was on the brink of economic catastrophe because reforms were   moving too slowly.
Sub-zero temperatures prevailed,   but the mourners waited in a line that stretched a mile from the Palace.
Tass reported that the organization held a meeting, but did not mention Sakharov.
Soviet physicists, in a rebuff to the Soviet Union's scientific establishment, voted on   Friday to nominate Andrei Sakharov to be a candidate in the March parliamentary   elections.
Sakharov is the father of the Soviet dissident movement.
Gorbachev called Sakharov in Gorky in December1986 and ended the exile.
The Human Rights Award from the International League for   Human Rights was presented to Sakharov at a reception at the home of the former United   States Ambassador to Austria.
Radio Moscow said Sakharov made the statement in a Boston news conference.
Sakharov's obituary was signed by President Gorbachev, five other politburo members,   and fifty other leading officials and scholars.
The vote was more an expression of respect for Sakharov than a specific endorsement of   his political views.
He was allowed to return to Moscow in December 1986.
One of these, the Moscow Human Rights Committee, was   founded by Sakharov in1971.
Sakharov   is a member of the International Foundation for Survival and Development of Humanity.
He is also the Honorary   President of the League that has its headquarters in the United States, with 40 affiliates   groups around the world.
Now, in May 1988, the Moscow   News has published an article that makes a clear attempt to refute some of the charges   made by Soviet officials and the state-controlled media against Sakharov and his wife.
