Blocked east of the square by thousands of   people, the troops dispersed, walking around near the square in small groups.
On Saturday at 1 a.m. tens of thousands of troops entered Beijing from the east   marching toward Tiananmen Square.
About   noon two truckloads of People's Armed Police attacked crowds east of the square.
Later about 5,000 troops appeared firing tear gas and clubbing protesters west of the   square.
Shooting continued through the night until 5 a.m. Sunday morning when the   demonstrators,  surrounded by armed and firing troops, began leaving the square,   ending their three-week occupation.
The exact number of people killed during the martial law occupation of Beijing may   never be known.
During May the protest movement focused on Tiananmen Square after   about 2,000 students began a hunger strike there and a million citizens rallied to their   support.
Skirmishes continued until 9 p.m. when troops started firing at the rock-throwing   protesters.
Yesterday the U.S. suspended all military sales and visits of Chinese military   leaders in response to the violent suppression of the pro-democracy movement in   China which began on April 18 after the death of former Communist Party chief Hu   Yaobang.
Nearly all of the deaths and   injuries occurred Saturday night and early Sunday when troops fired randomly into large   crowds while forcing their way to Tiananmen Square.
The pro-democracy banners and protesters' tents are now gone from Tiananmen   Square, replaced by tanks and drilling soldiers.
At 4:30 armored   personnel carriers entered the square and began slowly moving toward the several   thousand students who remained.
This morning New York City's Chinatown responded to events in Beijing.
Unofficial estimates of the death toll range from 500 to 12,000 people.
By 4:30 a.m. the students decided by voice vote to leave the   square to avoid further bloodshed.
The replica of the Statue of Liberty is   gone, replaced by a tread-wheeled personnel carrier.
By April 17 thousands of students were   marching in Beijing and Shanghai shouting "Long live Hu Yaobang!
Sporadic clashes were reported on   Saturday as soldiers made several attempts to reach the square.
By 3:30 a.m. Sunday troops had surrounded the square.
Chinese troops stormed Tiananmen Square early Sunday, shooting and beating their   way through crowds of pro-democracy protesters.
