On Saturday at 1 A.M. China time tens of thousands of troops entered Beijing and   marched toward Tiananmen Square, the symbol of China's political power.
The troops   were stopped short of their goal by thousands of student demonstrators.
Skirmishing   between the troops and the demonstrators continued throughout the day and evening.
The   troops used tear gas and the students threw rocks and bottles    At midnight armored vehicles broke through the barriers and 49 troop-carrying trucks   advanced on the square.
At 5 A.M.   Sunday students began leaving the square that they had occupied for three weeks.
The confrontation between Chinese troops and hundreds of thousands of demonstrators   ended in the killing and wounding of untold numbers in Tiananmen Square.
Demonstrators in Shanghai, Nanjing, and other large cities protested the Beijing slaughter   The United States suspended all military sales to China.
The bloody encounter was the climax of trouble that had been escalating since April.
We may never know the number of people killed in and around Tiananmen Square.
The   protesters, mainly students along with some workers and intellectuals, finally were forced   to leave Tiananmen early in the morning of 4 June.
The students defied the government's order to leave, and blocked streets leading to   the square.
By 3:30 A.M. soldiers and riot police had surrounded Tiananmen, isolating   thousands of demonstrators concentrated around the Monument to Revolutionary Heroes.
By dawn on Sunday tanks and riflemen controlled Tiananmen Square.
Troops were   deployed on the Monument to Revolutionary Heroes in the square's center, and more at   important nearby intersections.
After the service and speeches, the crowd, led by a casket and Chinese funeral   bier, marched through Chinatown in a procession that stretched for blocks.
Chinese troops stormed Tiananmen Square early Sunday.
With time the government's   declarations became more strident.
Chinese Red Cross officials estimate that 3,600 died and 60,000 were injured   in and around the square last weekend.
As   early as 27 April more than 150,000 surged past police lines and filled Tiananmen   Square.
The tense but largely peaceful three-week standoff between the government and   demonstrators in and around Tiananmen Square erupted in violence on Saturday and   Sunday.
More than 5,000 people packed a Chinatown park in New York City Saturday morning   for a memorial service honoring the demonstrators killed last weekend in Tiananmen   Square.
