New, tougher tax laws on what can be claimed as business entertainment expense haven't   slowed demand for tickets to Sunday's Super Bowl XXI.
Meals are 80% deductible if business is discussed.
Now, only 80% of the face   value to tickets to sporting events can be deducted, and then only if a substantial business   discussion occurs.
Still, hundreds   of companies will send their officials and customers to Pasadena for a weekend of   partying.
The face value of a 50-yard-line seat at the Super Bowl is $75, not   $1500, the going rate.
The touchdown gave Montana a Super Bowl record with 357 yards passing.
The IRS will have difficulty disputing claims that business was discussed.
Joe Montana's 10-yard touchdown pass to John Taylor with 34 seconds left in the game   gave the San Francisco 49ers a 20-16 Super Bowl victory over the Cincinnati Bengals on   Sunday.
It was the third Super Bowl win for 49ers   Coach Bill Walsh.
The San Francisco 49ers' 55-10 rout of the Denver Broncos was the lowest rated Super   Bowl since 1969 and the third-lowest ever.
Anheuser Busch Cos.Inc, and Miller Brewing Co. will attempt to take advantage of the   hype preceding Super Bowl XXIV by running television commercials featuring mock   football games.
The 49ers beat the Cincinnati Bengals, 20-16, two weeks ago in Miami.
Miller has already launched its 12-week campaign centered on a football game between   "Tastes Great" and "Less Filling" squads, both of which are composed of former NFL   players.
It was the fifth straight win for the NFC team and the most dramatic.
In a report to the city Board of Directors, Pasadena's deputy city manager Ed Aghjayan   said the stadium is commonly offered rent-free in exchange for the benefits to local   economies.
The Los Angeles Sports Council will offer the NFL incentives to hold Super Bowl   XXVII in the Rose Bowl in 1993, including rent-free use of the stadium and all income   from concession sales.
Each rating point in 1990,   however, represents many more households than it did two decades ago.
The CBS game averaged a 39.0 rating and a   63 share.
The San Francisco 49ers routed the Denver Broncos 55-10 Sunday in the most lopsided   Super Bowl victory ever.
