Economic confusion surrounds the mysterious death of publishing magnate Robert Maxwell.
Investigators say the   Maxwell siphoned money from his companies in an attempt to deal with his empire's crushing   debts.
Maxwell's body was found in the sea off the Canary Islands on November 5 and Spanish   authorities indicated he could have fallen into the sea after a heart attack.
Although it has taken a year to separate Chess Monthly and Bridge Monthly from the   Maxwell empire, Chess and Bridge has not moved to new premises in London.
His son Maxwell, who is the publisher of the Daily Mirror, and another son, Ian, are under   court order to tell what they know about the affairs of Bishopsgate Investment Management, Ltd,   one of the 40 companies owned by their father.
Maxwell declined to identify the newspaper, but speculation   centered on USA Today, the New York Daily News, or the Chicago Sun-Times.
In writs filed in the State Supreme court in Manhattan, trustees for   Mirror Group Newspapers Pension Scheme and Maxwell Communications Corporation Works   Pension scheme are seeking more than 100m for the sale of shares plus interest as well as   commission charges and punitive damages.
The scheme involved using   two Swiss trusts, Yakosa Finanzierungs and Servex.
The announcement of the sale follows Maxwell's takeover of the   unprofitable New York Daily News.
MCC received the currency, but on a number of occasions, did   not make the payment, giving itself an unauthorized loan.
The transactions,    involved Mr. Michael Stoney, a senior executive in a number of Maxwell companies, as   well as Kevin and Ian Maxwell, two sons of the late Robert Maxwell.
Funds were transferred to the two   trusts through the American investment band, Goldman Sachs.
The US-based investment bank, Goldman Sachs, has been accused of assisting in the diversion of   funds to ensure its own debts.
About 20 banks, including Lloyds,   Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, and Swiss Bank Corporation were involved in the exchange   deals.
In an effort to raise funds, Maxwell Communications Corporation made late payments on the   foreign market.
Robert Maxwell was described as larger than life and the Citizen Kane of his time.
Maxwell's death came as he was embroiled in an international financial controversy.
