It is the largest quake ever recorded in   that area, striking an area where most buildings are built on a flood plain of loosely   deposited soil.
The soil shifts in an earthquake which caused the fragile ceramic-type   brick or adobe homes to collapse easily.
The casualty count was pushed up because the   quake struck just after midnight, when people were indoors asleep.
A 7.7 magnitude earthquake struck northern Iran.
Thursday's quake was   reminiscent of the Dec. 7, 1988 quake which devastated Soviet Armenia.
The fragile homes, built on a   flood plain of loose soil, were destroyed when the soil shifted during the earthquake,   allowing the structures to collapse.
The early morning earthquake which struck Iran killed at least 25,000 and injured   thousands of others as they slept on Thursday.
That quake,   which measured 6.9 on the Richter scale, killed about 25,000 people.
Trucks carrying aid also crossed   into Iran from Soviet Azerbaijan.
The earthquake is very   similar to one which struck Soviet Armenia on Dec. 7, 1988, and killed 25,000 people.
The United States, which broke diplomatic relations with Iran, will provide aid through   the American Red Cross.
The 7.7 magnitude earthquake is the largest ever   recorded in the area where two major plates of the earth meet.
In a rare instance of U.S.--Iranian cooperation, Iran said today it would accept U.S. relief   for the victims of the earthquake which killed as many as 25,000 people.
The aid will be   channeled through the American Red Cross and other U.S. humanitarian agencies.
The earthquake, which measured between 7.3 and 7.7 killed than the one that   occurred in Soviet Armenia in December 1988.
Rescuers pulled 6,000 people from the rubble   today.
Supplies, medical personnel, and condolences have begun to arrive in Iran where about   40,000 died in an earthquake.
The second deadliest was a quake in   Soviet Turkmenia in 1948 which claimed 110,000 lives.
The newspaper called on the U.S. to stop hatching plots   and called on a rejection of aid from the U.S. Iran has said it welcomes relief from the   American Red Cross and other humanitarian groups.
Responding to the humanitarian need, countries both   friendly and hostile to Tehran's Islamic government have contributed to the relief effort.
