Iraqi and Kuwaiti negotiators met privately in Jiddah on Tuesday to defuse their border   and oil dispute as 100,000 Iraqi troops massed on the border.
Iraq has historically laid claim to all of Kuwait, and has coveted two Kuwaiti   islands that command Iraq's only access to the Persian Gulf.
Oil executives cite this as   reason for believing Saudi Arabia will not close the pipeline that carries exported Iraqi oil   across Saudi Arabia.
Iraqi troops quickly occupied government all government buildings in the   capital, and the emir fled to Saudi Arabia.
Another meeting is   scheduled for Wednesday.
Kuwait's armed forces number only 20,300.
Iraq's powerful army, led by the Republican Guard, invaded Kuwait today and quickly   overran the small oil-rich country.
Western   visitors to Kuwait were rounded up and are safe in Baghdad.
Leading up to the invasion Iraq alleged that Kuwait stole oil from a disputed border area,   and damaged Iraq economically by exceeding OPEC production quotas.
An emergency session of the foreign ministers of the Arab League was convened in Cairo   at Kuwait's request soon after Iraq's military forces overran the small Persian Gulf   nation.
Iraq said the invasion forces began to leave Kuwait Sunday.
Hussein also accused Kuwait of   stealing 2.4 billion dollars worth of oil from a disputed border area, and costing Iraq oil   revenue by ignoring production quotas established by OPEC.
Turkey has not commented on President Bush's suggestion that Turkey close the   parallel pipelines that pump Iraqi oil across Turkey to a Mediterranean Sea port.
By controlling Kuwait, Iraq   could also fulfill its longstanding wish to for more gulf coastline.
Administration and congressional officials agreed that they   had received warning from that CIA that Iraq was in a position to attack and might do so   art any time.
Oil prices soared in anticipation of a   reduced supply of oil.
Kuwait   immediately appealed for United States help.
The presence   of Iraqi forces near the border concerns the Saudis who do not want to provoke Iraq into   attacking Saudi oilfields only 150 miles south of the border.
President Bush denounced the invasion as "naked aggression".
The United States and the Soviet   Union called for Iraq to withdraw and imposed sanctions.
