A study at the Jefferson Medical   College in Philadelphia showed that laboratory rats induced to have heart attacks,   suffered 50 percent less cell damage after injections of TGF beta than rats that did not   receive TGF beta.
The TGF beta seems to block the action of other substances, such as   tumor necrosis factor, that can cause blood vessels to narrow following a heart attack.
An operation to lower the cholesterol levels of heart attack patients reduced their risk of   another heart attack or death from heart disease.
A natural substance called transforming growth factor (TGF) beta appears to be able to   limit damage to cardiac cells following a heart attack.
If 15% of heart attack patients were   discharges after three days, the annual savings would be $280 million.
In the operation, called ileal bypass, one   third of the small intestine is bypassed.
New treatments that stop a heart attack in its tracks, may help victims leave the hospital   as early as three days after their attacks.
This was one of several reports that show doctors can prevent heart attacks   as well as treat them.
Since 60% of   heart attacks occur before the victim reaches the hospital, a major goal is getting people   to go to the hospital at the first sign of a heart attack.
Any experimental treatment of human heart attack victims with TGF beta is at least a   year away.
Other researchers determined that some heart attack victims could be released from the   hospital as soon as three days after their heart attacks.
The drug, Verapanil, a calcium   channel blocker is about as effective as another variety of blood pressure medicines   known as beta blockers at protecting people after heart attacks.
TPA can   dissolve clots in the heart's arteries and minimize damage and angioplasty can clear   arteries by opening them with tiny balloons.
The operation has one significant drawback, it causes chronic   diarrhea that persists for years.
Deaths from heart and blood vessel disease dropped 24% over the past decade.
Statistics show that more than one in four Americans suffer from some form   of cardiovascular disease and half of these will eventually die from it.
An experiment with more than 1700 high blood pressure patients showed that a blood and   urine test can pinpoint those patients most likely to have a heart attack.
