Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng, speaking at a meeting of farm magazine, extension,   advertising, co-op, and broadcasting editors, said that although the United States is   suffering from a severe drought, the U.S. will continue to be a major player in world   agriculture.
A   large portion of the U.S. was suffering from drought stress and about 35 percent of the   contiguous United States was rated severe to extreme by July 2.
The early season drought is the worst since record keeping began in 1895.
If the drought continues,   the area affected could exceed the 60 percent of 1934 and the 50 percent of 1954.
The world grain stock levels are expected to drop in the wake of the continued drought in   the United States.
Even so, Agriculture Secretary   Lyng expects that the United States will be able to bounce back from its losses next year.
In an   effort to stave off the worst effects of the drought, farmers in Oregon shipped 20 tons of   hay to Kentucky and other states were compiling information on where hay might be   available.
Even though the state has had rain, it is not enough to counteract the effects   of the drought.
The outlook for the next 30 days to three months indicates that the areas   worst hit by the drought can expect little relief with chances of a less than normal amount   of rainfall  ranging from 55 percent in the major grain growing states to 70 percent in part   of southern California.
The drought has dried up pastures, forcing farmers to seek elsewhere for hay.
Weather experts are calling for more research and study in an effort to understand the   conditions causing the present drought.
Elsewhere, severe summer storms which have spawned tornados in Kansas   and caused high winds in Indiana and Michigan, causing widespread damage did little to   alleviate drought conditions in those states.
Many of the   13 climatologists and meteorologists meeting at the symposium agreed that the earth's   temperature is rising but were unsure if this were a short tem or long term phenomenon   but stated that policymakers need to begin to deal with its possible effects.
The drought and high temperatures continue to plague sections of the United States.
