The   thunderstorms developed ahead of a strong cold front and swept eastward from Missouri and   Arkansas.
Elsewhere, snow fell from the northern   Rockies to the upper Great Lakes, while unseasonably mild weather continued in the East.
Thunderstorms with tornadoes, 100-mph winds and hail wreaked havoc across the middle   Mississippi Valley and the Southeast Wednesday.
Thunderstorms dropped large hailstones in Indiana and Tennessee.
Southern Illinois was hard hit by storms with winds 80-100   mph.
Another   touched down in South Carolina.
At least three other tornadoes have been reported across Alabama.
65 mph winds damaged   Kentucky and Louisiana.
Four tornadoes pounded the Huntsville, AL area killing two people and causing injuries.
305 people were injured and about 500 displaced.
In Huntsville, AL a tornado slammed into a shopping district, a residential area, and a school   Wednesday, killing at least 15 people.
Doctors were   having difficulty reaching the Humana Hospital because of blocked roads.
The worst damage was in Huntsville, AL when a tornado laid waste a wide   swath of the city and caused the death of seventeen people.
A tornado carved a three-mile stretch of destruction in Huntsville, AL.
A fourth-grader recalled people screaming, windows breaking, and the   roof falling.
A tornado slammed into a shopping district, a residential area, and a school Wednesday in   Huntsville, AL, killing at least 14 people, injuring nearly 300 and trapping many others in cars   and homes.
Snow   was falling west of the cold front.
The rubble is 10 to 14   feet deep and rescuers are hampered by darkness and plunging temperatures.
Tornado survivors told their stories after the tornado that whipped through their town of   Huntsville, Alabama.
Cold weather was expected to invade the Southeast.
No   damage was reported to the city's Marshall Space Flight Center and the Army's Redstone   Arsenal.
Tornadoes and thunderstorms killed 27 people, injured more than 500, and left hundreds   homeless since Wednesday.
Two other tornadoes struck as severe weather swept across much of Alabama.
Marilyn Quayle, wife of Vice President Dan Quayle, visited the severely tornado-damaged city   of Huntsville, AL.
Federal aid was approved Friday for tornado-ravaged Huntsville, AL where 17 died, more than   400 were injured, 80 in hospital care, and about 1,000 left homeless.
