The Conservatives are moving to replace party leader John Major and remove him as   prime minister.
The defeat put them in third place behind the Liberal Democrats   and the Labor Party.
In local elections across Britain yesterday, the Conservatives suffered   their worst defeat ever.
Major is seen is indecisive   and weak in his handling of foreign and domestic affairs.
This came as former Conservative members of Parliament   announced that they would vote for the Liberal Democrats.
While calling for a return to   basic values, his own cabinet has been rocked by scandal.
When it became apparent that she could not defeat the Heseltine   challenge, Mrs. Thatcher resigned in order to let someone from the Cabinet stand against   Heseltine.
Endorsed by Prime   Minister Margaret Thatcher as her successor and heir, Major will become prime minister.
High on the agenda for talks between the two men are the   tragedy in Bosnia as well as Russia, Northern Ireland, and world trade.
Major succeeds   following an initial challenge to party leadership by former Defense Secretary Michael   Heseltine last week.
In a secret ballot   election among Tory members of parliament, Major won 185 votes, two short of the   majority needed to win.
Wanting to be all things to all people he can appeal to the pro-Europeans by saying he   wants Britain to be at the heart of Europe while at the same time insulting the European   Commission when appealing to an audience of Euro-skeptics.
In an attempt to bolster his support, Cabinet ministers rallied behind Major   yesterday, insisting there would be no leadership election in the fall.
John Major was elected leader of the Conservative Party today.
Major has also reneged on   campaign promises not to increase taxes.
John Major's public image as a wimp may have changed following a candid interview   with Michael Brunson, ITN's political editor.
In trying to brush aside recent differences with London, U.S. President Bill Clinton   stressed Washington's special relationship with Britain.
His opponents, former Defense Secretary Michael Heseltine with   131 votes and Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd with 56, conceded the election to Major,   making a second ballot unnecessary.
Despite efforts to foster unity in the Conservative Party, Major's chances of   surviving have shortened to 11/10 against him.
