Earlier, Iraq had moved about 100,000 troops to its Kuwaiti   border after claiming that Kuwait's production of oil beyond quotas of the OPEC cartel   had depressed the world price, thus diminishing Iraq's revenue, and that Kuwait had been   stealing oil from a field that straddles the border.
The Kuwaiti Embassy announced on Wednesday that Iraqi troops had launched an   offensive against Kuwait.
Kuwait's U.S. ambassador said the Iraqis   occupied all government buildings in the capital and were moving south toward the oil   facilities.
On Tuesday, John Kelly, a State   Department spokesman, told a House subcommittee that the United States has no treaty   obligations mandating military support for Kuwait; however, we do believe strongly in   respect for territories of all states in the region.
Kuwait's army was no match for Iraq's.
Kuwait's   airport and borders are closed.
Kuwait's leaders are safe in Saudi Arabia.
Iraq claimed victory today in its lightning invasion of this small, oil-rich kingdom.
World oil prices soared to their highest level in more than   four years.
He has long sought to inherit the mantle of the late Egyptian President   Nassar as leader of the Arab world.
He accused Kuwait of costing Iraq   billions in lost oil revenue by exceeding OPEC assigned quotas and by "stealing" oil   from a disputed field that straddles their borders.
Kuwait's new Iraqi-installed government claimed that Iraqi troops began pulling out of   Kuwait on Sunday.
The   whereabouts of Kuwait's ruler, Sheik Jaber al-Ahmed al-Sabah, is not known.
The U.N. vote was 13 to 0 on the 15-member council.
The Bush   administration demanded immediate withdrawal of Iraqi forces.
The invasion came a day after talks between Iraq and   Kuwait collapsed.
He also demanded that Kuwait turn over   the Gulf island of Bubiyan and forgive multi-billion dollar loans incurred by Iraq during   its 1980-1988 war with Iran.
Kuwait suggested that   Iraq's belligerence was to force Kuwait to forgive billions of Iraqi war debt.
The Iraqi government claimed that   it invaded at the request of Kuwaiti revolutionaries who had already staged a coup.
The Iraqi government of   President Saddam Hussein said the Kuwaiti government had been overthrown.
President Bush embargoed all U.S. trade with Iraq and froze that nation's assets while   refusing to rule out the use of force to rescue Kuwait from its Iraqi invaders.
