Black townships   have been hit by factional fighting between African national Congress members and the   Zulus of the Inkatha group.
Nelson Mandela was close to the family, was not in the   home at the time of the incident.
Unidentified assailants attacked the home of relatives of Nelson Mandela, killing a baby   girl and injuring her parents.
The men      convicted along with Mandela and three others were all given life sentences for their   activities with the ANC in attempting to overthrow the white-led government.
Tennis star Arthur Ashe said he never thought he would see the day when Mandela was   free.
New York City mayor, Dinkins, warned Jewish groups against protesting the visit of   South African anti-apartheid leader Nelson Mandela, saying the visit might insult the   black community.
In 1986, the European Community banned many   imports from South Africa and barred new investment in the country.
Nelson Mandela, leader of the African National Congress, arrived in the United States to   an outpouring of praise.
The ANC is fighting to   end white-minority rule in South Africa.
Given the family's connection to Mandela, police could   not say if the attack was deliberate or the result of random violence.
Mandela, who was released from prison after 27 years, for   opposing the white South African government is negotiating with President de Klerk to   end apartheid.
The four men all   imprisoned in Cape Town, spent 6 hours with Mandela, who was nearby.
Britain said it is time to resume contacts with internationally   isolated South Africa, but anti-apartheid campaigners warned against any reduction of   pressure on the white-led government.
Mandela is serving a life   sentence for plotting to overthrow the white-dominated government.
South Africa's white-  minority government says it will free Mandela, only if he renounces the use of violence   by forces seeking political power for blacks in the country.
President Bush and leaders in Europe, the Soviet Union, the Middle East and Africa also   hailed the decision.
British   Commonwealth leaders said that the South African government must guarantee   Mandela's safety and the Commonwealth must sustain its pressure against apartheid.
A representative of the African National Congress said the South African government   would soon release Nelson Mandela from prison.
