Other   marathons have had corporate backing, but Los Angeles is out in front in making a   marathon into a commercial spectacle.
More than 18,000 runners are expected to run in the 1987 Los Angeles Marathon.
The city has given the promoters an eight-year operating contract.
Makers of cars, cameras, soft drinks, banks, and   even a hospital have signed on as sponsors in Los Angeles.
Last year   the marathon grossed four million dollars.
Unlike most   marathons, Los Angeles does not pay appearance money to the better runners.
This year promoters expect to gross five   million, and break even for the first time.
The 1990 Los Angeles Marathon has an impressive list of commercial sponsors.
The 1988 New York City Marathon drew a field of over 23,000 runners.
Both are relatively   new to running the marathon distance of 26.2 miles, and for each it was the first marathon   victory.
More than 13,000 runners from 13 countries and 49 states ran the Marine Corps   Marathon in Washington, D.C. A typical package includes air   fare, lodging, specified social activities in connection with the marathon, entry fees, and a   guaranteed spot in restricted entry races.
Enthusiastic spectators cheered all the participants, but were most interested in friends or   family who were participating.
The marathon is not yet a world-class event, but it is the best-marketed, slickest and   sponsor-driven of the world's major marathons.
It was the first   marathon to be run there.
The 1990 San Diego Marathon was run on the North County course.
The women's field for Sunday's running of the 1991 San Francisco Marathon is an   especially strong one.
Mercedes-Benz of North America is the presenting sponsor of the race, making it one of   ten companies that not only pay to be called sponsor, but also put money outright into the   race or provide products and services.
Over 4,000 runners participated, but the field was considered to be a weak one.
For those not up to the full 26.2 miles of a   marathon, some cities offer shorter races for some.
President Bill Burke and Vice President   Marie Patrick who have marketing backgrounds drive the race's marketing philosophy.
The marathon will be   run in the late afternoon heat and humidity, and not in the usual early morning hours.
