Debi Thomas, the US hope for a figure skating gold medal in the 1988 Winter  Olympics, was disappointed when the Gold went to Germany's Katarina Witt and  the Silver to Canadian Elizabeth Manley.
Thomas, who was a US and 1986  world champion, was awarded the Bronze medal.
Other US figure skating medal  winners Brian Boitano with the Gold and Jill Watson and Peter Oppegard with  the Bronze in pairs.
US speed skaters won gold, silver, and bronze with  Bonnie Blair taking both a gold and a Bronze.
The Soviet  hockey team had it first loss of the Games at the hands of Finland  but  still managed to win the gold while Finland won the Silver.
Manley was loudly cheered by  fellow Canadians throughout her performance.
Blair also won a bronze, making  her the only US double winner.
The US narrowly missed winning a bronze in  the bobsled event when they were beaten by only .02 seconds.
The US had its worst Winter Olympic Games showing in 52 years, taking only  six medals.
Francoise Decharne of France won the women's air rifle  competition in the most closely contested event of the day.
Over the years, the US has won the most relay medals followed by  Britain and the former Soviet Union.
The US Olympians may get contracts to endorse  specialized sports equipment, but the high-paying soft drink and fast food  companies haven't called yet.
Jasna Sekaric  of Yugoslavia won her second gold in the women's air pistol event winning  over a South Korean, appropriately named Bang, and a West German.
The Seoul games  had the greatest number of athletes ever to compete in the Olympics.
In a completed event, Voula Patoulidou of Greece won the  gold in womens 100m.
Two of the medals were gold won by Brian Boitano in figure  skating and Bonnie Blair in speed skating.
Her gold  medals were in the 100 and 200 meter sprints set new Olympic and World  records.
If successful in those events, she would match the quadruple gold  medal performance by American Carl Lewis in 1984 and Fanny Blankers-Koen of  the Netherlands in 1948.
Ana Quirot of Cuba beat Jearl  Miles of the US in the women's 400 meters.
Canadian Ben Johnson had rocketed to a world record performance over  US sprinter Carl Lewis in the 100 meter but was stripped of the gold medal  when he tested positive for anabolic steroid use.
