One said, "Once you have a palace coup, the possibilities are endless."
This week's events in the Soviet Union have Kremlinologists who dabble in conspiracy theories   working overtime.
The coup falls apart and Gorbachev returns to power   stronger than before.
One   intriguing scenario has Gorbachev hatching a false coup in order to step out of the way while   hard-liners and liberals battle each other.
The three-day coup   unraveled in a serious of developments after the junta was unable to cope with thousands of   people who erected barricades around Yeltsin's stronghold in the parliament and clashed with   Soviet troops.
Soviet President Gorbachev was prepared to head back to Moscow to reclaim power after the   hard-line coup against him while he vacationed in Crimea collapsed.
The Soviets resisted the putsch and   created a new, decentralized and smaller Soviet Union quicker than anticipated.
US Intelligence officials, a week before the Soviet coup, warned the White House that Soviet   hard-liners might act to block the signing of the new Union Treaty although they knew too little   to enable President Bush to act.
Mikhail Gorbachev and Boris Yeltsin, meeting for the first time since the coup collapsed,   pressed ahead with a sweeping purge of coup supporters.
The Soviet Union's future depends now on who remains in   power.
Gorbachev promptly announced the "whole government has to   resign."
In a joint appearance in the Russian Parliament, Yeltsin made it clear that   Gorbachev has authority only if agreeing to share power and intensify the march toward   democracy and a market economy.
The coup's failure dealt a fatal blow to high-level efforts to thwart reform drives by Gorbachev   and Boris Yeltsin.
Yeltsin interrupted Gorbachev's speech and aggressively   announced a decree had been signed suspending the activity of the Russian Communist Party.
Yeltsin later showed Gorbachev the minutes of a Council of Ministers meeting, which showed   his allies had betrayed him.
Gorbachev   initiated the changes and history will credit him for that.
Kremlin watchers said theorizing was fueled by the fact that tanks did not   roll until hours after Gorbachev's arrest, President Yeltsin was not arrested, Leningrad was left   alone and, reportedly, many of the tanks had no ammunition.
