On Tuesday, a second attempt will be made to launch the shuttle Discovery with the $1.5   billion Hubble Space Telescope aboard.
A faulty power unit forced cancellation of the   first attempt on April 10.
Discovery will aim to place the telescope in   orbit at an altitude of 380 miles where astronomers hope it will be able to look back   almost to the beginning of time.
Columbia's Astro will measure ultraviolet radiation.
Meanwhile, shuttle Columbia is also being prepped to launch a   satellite called Astro.
This is only the second time both shuttle pads at Kennedy Space   Center have been occupied simultaneously.
With the   troublesome panel unfurled, astronaut Steve Crawley used the shuttle's mechanical arm   to lift the 12.5 ton Hubble from the cargo bay.
Its use, shared with the European Space   Agency, will cost about $200 million per year.
The shuttle Discovery astronauts triumphantly launched the $1.5 billion Hubble Space   Telescope.
The Hubble is   expected to help answer two major questions: How old is the universe?
The Hubble Space Telescope's science instruments are on hold, unable to begin   observations.
The replacement power unit was successfully test fired   and the telescope's battery charging was completed one day ahead of schedule.
The space shuttle Discovery soared to a record high orbit of 380 miles to deploy the $1.5   billion Hubble Space Telescope.
An earlier problem with unfurling a solar power panel was resolved.
The $1.5 billion Hubble Space Telescope left the shuttle Discovery's cargo bay on   Wednesday, nearly two hours and one orbit late, for orbit 380 statute miles above the   earth's distorting atmosphere.
Ground controllers at the Goddard Space Flight Center finally made contact with the   Hubble's two main antennas after trying for more than six hours to lock on.
Discovery then backed away as the   telescope, orbiting Earth every 97.3 minutes at an altitude of 380 miles, began its 15-year   search for new worlds.
It will scan the outermost reaches of space for clues   about the origin and possible end of the universe.
With the Hubble Space Telescope about to be launched, astronomers are again excited   about what it might accomplish.
During its 15-year working lifetime, the   telescope will provide astronomers with 10 times better resolution and 25 times more   sensitivity than ground-based observatories.
