Virginia Thomas, the white wife of black Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas,   has represented the conservative viewpoint in the various positions she has held.
Women's-rights activists dislike her opposition to comparable-worth legislation, religious   groups are uncomfortable with her anti-cult activities, and some blacks feel the   Thomases' marriage shows his rejection of the black community.
Clarence's Senate confirmation hearings began yesterday and   are likely to run through next week.
Supporters reply that   the Thomases believe women and minorities are hindered, not helped, by affirmative   action and government programs and their marriage is a reflection of the couple's belief   in a colorblind society.
Virginia Thomas, the white wife of black Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas, is   a brainy lawyer with an impressive career.
The   American Bar Association evaluation committee testified that although Thomas'  articles in law journals were deficient in presentation, scholarship and analysis, this is   outweighed by his "brief but highly satisfactory performance on the Court of Appeals."
As Senate hearings on Clarence Thomas's nomination to the Supreme Court continue,   there appears to be no groundswell of opposition to his confirmation although   Democratic members of the Senate Judiciary Committee have criticized the candidate's   refusal to answer some questions and his reply when asked his view on abortion:   "Whether or not I have a view is irrelevant."
300 black pastors of the Coalition for the Restoration of the Black Family and   Society held a pro-Thomas rally on the steps of the Supreme Court.
On Monday Clarence Thomas completed five days of questioning by the Senate   Judiciary Committees and appeared to be well on his way to confirmation.
On the other side, senators are receiving the   first of 500,000 anti-Thomas postcards provided by the National Abortion Rights Action   League and the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law announced that 86 of   about 110 members of its board of directors oppose Thomas.
Senators are under pressure to take a stand on  Supreme Court nominee Clarence   Thomas.
Several Senators were skeptical of Thomas's insistence   that he has no opinion on the 1973 Supreme Court decision legalizing abortion.
Some blacks feel the Thomases' marriage shows his rejection of   the black community.
