Lucille Ball and her first husband Desi Arnaz, dominated television in the 1950's during   the six-year run of their comedy "I Love Lucy".
Lucille Ball was born in 1911 in Jamestown New York and from an early age had   an interest in show business.
Bob Hope paid tribute to Lucille Ball, his frequent co-star in a television special, "Bob   Hope's Love Affair with Lucille Ball".
Former President and Mrs. Reagan, President Bush, Bob Hope, Lily Tomlin and   others prominent in politics and entertainment as well as her many fans among the public   expressed their sympathy and extolled her many talents.
He got   his big break in show business when his father took him to California for the "Swift   Premium Hour" a traveling radio show.
She was 40 when she starred in "I Love Lucy" which was to   revolutionize television.
Her husband and costar Desi   Arnaz was drinking and carousing and it was a terrible embarrassment for her.
Following the divorce from Arnaz, Ball married Gary   Morton and went on to many successes both in business and entertainment.
Indeed movie audiences stayed home in large numbers to watch her show.
William Paley, Chairman of   CBS, where Lucille Ball's historic show "I love Lucy" ran for many years, said that she   helped to establish television as the nation's leading entertainment industry and that her   legacy would last forever.
She rarely indulged in self-analysis, although she did say that   she was ambivalent about the last 5 years of the show.
She was also   remembered in her hometown of Jamestown, New York.
The groundbreaking show, still seen in syndication   worldwide, was one of the most popular in television.
Lucille Ball, TV's comic genius, died at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center at the age of 77   following emergency heart surgery.
Gale Gordon, a sidekick of Lucille Ball from radio days who appeared with her in three   television series recalled how the comedian never thought of herself as particularly   funny.
They knew each other before they worked together   as Lucy's husband Desi Arnaz was a band leader on Hope's radio show.
Thibodeaux said that during the series' run, he   spent as much time with Lucille Ball as with his own family in Lafayette, Indiana.
