What is more important, they came up with the answer in time to allow people to   evacuate the South Carolina coast.
Pinpointing the exact location of Hurricane Hugo's landfall was difficult, but forecasters   analyzed computer predictions, satellite data, the history of similar storms and the   current path of the hurricane to make an educated guess which turned out to be right.
The most difficult problem with Hugo was predicting the intensity of the storm.
Mr. Ruoff of Fred S. James figures that even if losses reach $5   billion insurers won't feel enough "financial pain" to make them boost premium rates   right away.
But forecasting hurricanes is still not an exact   science.
by flying aircraft into the hurricane.
The last-minute increase in the wind speed of Hugo was provided by Air Force   reconnaissance, i.e.
Hurricane Hugo struck South Carolina Thursday after thousands of coastal residents   were evacuated inland.
As Hurricane Hugo's 135 mph wind roared outside, Charleston S.C.'s mayor Joseph P.   Riley, city officials and a few reporters stayed in Charleston's City Hall watching the   storm's fury.
By late afternoon the storm was upgraded to category 4.
The leading edge of Hugo with winds up to   125 mph from 105 mph yesterday, is likely to hit between Savannah, Ga. And   Charleston, S.C. any time after 8 p.m. A hurricane warning was in effect between   Fernandina Beach Fla., and Oregon Inlet, N.C. Damage from Hurricane Hugo which hit the Carolinas and Caribbean last week will   reduce third-quarter earnings for several insurers.
Overall   damage to insured property will far exceed the record $752.5 million from Hurricane   Frederic in 1979.
Hurricane Hugo did not simply wreak devastation on the Carolinas; it brought about   repayment of a long overdue debt.
Hurricane Hugo has put to test the city of Charleston, S.C. which has survived   earthquake, battle and storm in its 300-year history.
The storm with winds reaching 135   mph hit Charleston head-on Thursday night, the first major hurricane to strike   Charleston since Hurricane Gracie made landfall 70 miles to the south in 1959.
In South Carolina Gov.
As of   Thursday evening about 12,000 people had checked into 83 shelters across South   Carolina.
