Sixty-seven people drowned,   14 were missing and 46 survived.
Authorities charges a ferry captain with negligent homicide after the boat, overcrowded   with New Year's travelers sank off Guatemala' east coast.
The ferry ran out of fuel mid-way in its journey and   sank after a naval patrol boat tried to tow it to port.
Fifty-nine   people drowned and 6 are missing.
The ferry ran out of fuel mid-way on a regular 16-  mile run across Amatique Bay and sank while a tugboat was towing it to shore.
In a single year, four ferry accidents left 320 people dead and at least 8 missing.
The ferry captain was slow to   respond to requests by the skipper of the naval patrol boat to take control of the ferry's   wheel once it was under tow.
The ferry captain radioed that he had taken the wheel just   as the boat began to capsize.
The ferry was nearing the end of a   trip from Jiddah, Saudi Arabia and many of the passengers were returning from off   season pilgrimages to Mecca.
The ferry hit a reef and quickly sank.
Those on the ferry's roof   swam to safety, but most of those in the hull drowned.
The victim was   working with a Spanish technical aid and economic development mission in Guatemala.
The ferry carried over 600 people.
The others occurred in the Guangxi region near Vietnam, on the Min River in   Sichuan province and on the Yangtze River.
A   Spanish citizen was reported dead, but his wife and son survived.
Investigators were looking into complaints from some survivors that the crew abandoned   the ferry without helping passengers and that some crew members pushed passengers   aside to get to the lifeboats.
A passenger ferry sank off the coast of Guatemala while being towed to port.
Survivors spoke of struggling to escape the   sinking boat and stay afloat until rescue came.
The ferry inexplicably left standard navigational channels   and investigators were looking into the course change.
A ferry sank six miles of the Egyptian coast after ramming into a coral reef in stormy   seas.
The engineer of a ferry that sank off a Red Sea port, leaving more than 400 people   missing, denied accusations of widespread negligence on the part of the ship's crew.
