Family members have denounced the new unauthorized biography of John Lennon   written by Albert Goldman.
Goldman who defends   his book says that it is based on 1200 interviews.
Lennon was murdered outside his   Upper West Side home on December 8, 1980, by Mark Chapman.
In it, he describes the former Beatle as an anorexic bisexual   addled by drugs who raged his way from Liverpool to New York.
Though it failed to   delve too deeply into the darker side of Lennon and the Beatles it does capture the music   and the times in which Lennon lived.
A biography that portrays former Beatle John Lennon as a drug addled, anorexic,   bisexual who raged his way from Liverpool to New York is totally fiction said his   widow, Yoko Ono.
Lennon, who was born October 9, 1940 was shot   and killed outside his Manhattan apartment on December 8, 1980.
Proceeds of the concert   will go to the Spirit Foundation, the charity founded by John Lennon and his wife Ono in   1978.
Lennon's widow, Yoko Ono made brief remarks remembering her husband as a man of   love.
Ono says that some of the money goes to the Spirit Foundation, established by   Lennon and her before his death.
The theme of his confessions   was that his worst days were behind him and that with his wife, Yoko Ono, he had   learned to prize domesticity.
Yoko Ono,   Lennon's widow did not cooperate with the author.
Goldman who conducted more than 1200 interviews for the book has   written other controversial biographies.
Goldman spent more than six years researching the book, interviewing 1200   friends, relatives and associates of Lennon, who was murdered in New York in 1980.
At one time Beatles music was benned in the Soviet Union.
The concert featured a program of Beatles and Lennon songs.
The   Whitney Museum of Art has exhibited her artwork, the American Film Festival is staging   an international tour of her films and a new album is soon to be released.
She also   founded Bag One Arts, to promote Lennon's art and image.
Lennon biographer Albert Goldman has defended his controversial biography.
Ono says she wants to keep Lennon's   spirit alive, but others charge that she has made millions with no concern for his legacy.
