First reports said 100 people may have died.
A strong earthquake hit Nepal and parts of eastern India on Sunday, triggering landslides   and collapsing buildings.
In New Delhi, the Seismological Observatory said the quake measured 6.5 on   the Richter scale.
The   quake, lasting about 40 seconds, was centered near Udayapur, a town near the Indian-  Nepalese border and 100 miles southeast of Katmandu, Nepal's capital.
Nepal's   Department of Geology said the earthquake measured 5.7 on the Richter scale.
The quake was   also felt in the Indian capital of New Delhi and Calcutta, but there were no reports of   casualties.
The deadliest earthquake to strike the region since 1950 triggered landslides and   destroyed houses in the mountainous India-Nepal border area early Sunday, killing at   least 237 people and injuring more than 1500.
The U.S. Geological Survey office in   Golden, Colorado recorded the quake at a preliminary magnitude of 6.7 on the Richter   scale, with its epicenter 100 miles southeast of Katmandu.
Karna Hyanju, once a Communist Party   sympathizer, was beaten and then dragged through the streets for nearly two hours before   police intervened.
Prime Minister Shrestha while visiting Nepal's hardest hit town, Dharan, on   Tuesday said, "This is the biggest calamity to strike Nepal."
At least 562 people died in Nepal on Sunday and 196 in India when the deadliest   earthquake since 1950 hit their border region.
The town of Darbhanga in India's Bihar state appears to be   the worst hit area.
Rescue workers coped with aftershocks and heavy rain in their efforts to reach remote   Himalayan region victims of an earthquake whose official death toll neared 700, with at   least 2,000 people injured in India and 1,000 in Nepal.
There aren't any Peace Corps volunteers in India.
The quake registered 6.5 on   the Richter scale.
Monsoons, earthquake damage and   aftershocks have paralyzed train service and road travel hampering relief efforts.
He was accosted by a group of men who accused him of giving relief   supplies only to his own supporters.
In   India, helicopters ferried medicine, rice, cooking oil, clothes and tents to police trapped in   Bihar, India's poorest state.
Several people have been arrested in the killing,   including the mayor.
