Most of the homes were built on  a flood plain of loosely deposited soil that shifts in an earthquake and  allows buildings to collapse.
The quake  registered a magnitude 7.7 which is considered a major quake and is the  largest ever recorded in Iran, although twelve quakes greater than magnitude  7 have occurred there in the past 30 years.
The earthquake, which devastated Iran killed at least 25,000 people and  injured thousands more.
A US Geological Survey geophysicist compared  the quake to Armenian quake two years earlier.
The death toll in Iran was high because it  happened at night when most people were asleep.
The earthquake that struck Iran reminded a US geophysicist of the 1988 quake  in Armenia.
The Iran quake was of magnitude 7.7 while the Armenian was 6.9  but both killed about 25,000 persons and for essentially the same reasons:  most victims were in houses that were shoddily built or otherwise fragile  and could collapse easily.
Iranian news media reacted quietly to Thursday=B9s earthquake that killed  25,000 people in northern Iran.
The new aftershock, with magnitude 5.7, toppled  remaining buildings and caused mudslides that temporarily closed roads.
An anti-American newspaper in Iran said that the US is partly to blame for  the loss of life in the recent earthquake in northern Iran.
Americans haven't responded with donations for Iranian earthquake victims as  quickly as they did for the Armenian victims a year and a half earlier.
The Red Cross was accepting only  cash donations because of shipping costs.
This quake was the  strongest ever recorded in Iran, which is in a very active seismic region  and has recorded 12 quakes of magnitude 7 in the past 30 years.
The country is accustomed to massive  tragedies: a million Iranians were killed in the war with Iraq and hundreds  of thousands of lives were lost when the Islamic revolution overthrew the  Shah.
Contacts by Iran with the US are  not handled directly but rather through a third party, normally the Swiss  Embassy in Tehran.
Moreover, an earthquake a dozen years earlier had also killed about  25,000.
Gobadi said that shoddy housing in which the  government forced people to live caused the widespread loss of life.
Iran said that it would welcome relief offered by its enemy, the US, to help  victims of the earthquake whose numbers have now reached 35,000.
