Hurricane Gilbert swept toward the Dominican Republic Sunday with sustained winds of   75 mph gusting to 92 mph.
Civil Defense Director Eugenio Cabral alerted the country's   heavily populated south coast and cautioned that even though there is no need for alarm,   residents should closely follow Gilbert's movements.
Weather Service issued a   flash flood watch for Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands until at least 6 p.m. Sunday.
Gilbert brought coastal flooding to Puerto Rico's south coast on Saturday.
Meanwhile, Hurricane Florence, the second hurricane of   this storm season, was downgraded to a tropical storm.
The U.S.
The Texas Governor   dispatched the National Guard and has issued an emergency proclamation "to preserve   the health, safety and welfare of the public".
It's certainly one of the larger systems we've seen in the Caribbean   for a long time.'
Hurricane Gilbert swept toward Jamaica yesterday with 100 mph winds, and officials   issued warnings to residents on the southern coasts of the Dominican Republic, Haiti and   Cuba.
Still, the worst natural disaster in U.S. history, killing more than 6000   people, was a hurricane that hit Galveston, Texas on Sept. 8, 1900.
In   Puerto Rico, the storm injured three people, tore off several roofs, caused coastal flooding   and brought down trees and power lines in the west and southwest regions.
Hal Gerrish, with the National Hurricane Center in Coral Gables, Fla., said, "It's   still gaining strength.
A warning has been issued for Mexico's   northern coast and the southern half of the 370-mile Texas coast.
With phones knocked out, ham radio operators in Jamaica reported that people who were   trying to enter the Wyndam Hotel on Jamaica's Montego Bay at the height of the storm   were swept into the ocean.
It was the worst disaster in   Jamaica's modern history and will take some time to assess its full damage.
Hurricane Gilbert, a category 5, one of the strongest storms in history battered the   Dominican Republic, Jamaica and the Cayman Islands.
Earlier this week, it left at least 109 people dead and 800,000 homeless throughout the   Caribbean and parts of Mexico.
Receptionist, Pablo Torres of the Carrillos   Hotel in Cancun reported "there is not one tourist now in the hotel zone".
