The McMartin Pre-School molestation trial, the nation's longest and costliest trial, ended   with the acquittal of Raymond Buckey and his mother, Peggy McMartin Buckey on 52   charges of child molestation.
The current district attorney, Ira Reiner, blamed his predecessor   and defense attorneys.
Parents of   children who attended the school were upset upset because they felt the system was not   going to protect children.
Reiner had earlier dismissed charges against five of the original   seven defendants.
Former District Attorney Robert Philibosian dismissed accusations that   he played up the case to boost his public profile when he ran for district attorney.
Anger greeted Thursday's acquittals in the McMartin Pre-School molestation case.
Jurors cited taped interviews by the Children's Institute International as a reason for   acquitting Raymond Buckey and his mother, Peggy McMartin Buckey, on 52 charges of   child molestation.
The jurors felt that CII interviewers asked leading questions and never   allowed the children to tell the story in their own words; contaminating the evidence.
After gaining the confidence of the defendants, Mann,   along with his wife Myra and former prosecutor Glenn Stevenson, were hired as   investigators by the defense.
The jurors deadlocked on 13 others charges.
The longest criminal trial in U.S. history, the McMartin Pre-School molestation case,   began in August 1983 with a telephone call to the Manhattan Beach police.
The disappointment and anger following the acquittal of Raymond Buckey and his   mother Peggy McMartin Buckey on 52 charges of child molestation, is reflected in the   words "Ray must die" scrawled on the McMartin Pre-School.
This began a   series of events which led to the arrest of Raymond Buckey, his mother Peggy McMartin   Buckey, his sister Peggy Ann Buckey, his grandmother Virginia McMartin and three   employees, Mary Ann Jackson, Babette Spitter, and Betty Raidor.
Jurors were confused   on some points of law in the deadlocked charges, especially on how to reach a verdict on   the charge of conspiring between the two defendants; failing to see how they could find   one, but not both, innocent of the charge.
Most parents   of children involved in the case expressed disappointment with the legal system, citing   the defense for prolonging the case and the prosecution for not doing enough research to   prosecute the case properly.
