United States cities along the Gulf of Mexico are preparing for Hurricane Andrew, one of   the fiercest in decades.
The hurricane has already hit the Bahamas and Miami, Florida.
United Kingdom insurance experts say losses already could exceed $15 billion, but the   brunt of the losses will be among U.S. insurers.
Andrew is gathering fresh strength in the Gulf   of Mexico and is expected to hit the Mississippi or Louisiana coast, possibly New   Orleans, tomorrow night or Thursday.
It may threaten offshore oil facilities.
Claims against UK companies are   expected to be below 75 million pounds.
Power   outages still plague southern Florida.
Damage from Hurricane Andrew could rise to $20 billion, making it one of the costliest   this century.
It is expected to make landfall soon and officials in Mississippi, Louisiana,   and Texas have ordered two million people to evacuate and many refineries are closed.
General Accident, the leading British insurer, said yesterday that the claims arising from   Hurricane Andrew could reach as high as $40 million.
Homestead and the nearby air force base were virtually flattened.
In Louisiana, the hurricane hit rural and   agricultural areas and spawned tornadoes.
Fifteen people have been killed and damage in Florida is estimated to be $15 to $20   billion.
The U.S.   insurance industry will take the brunt of the losses.
Hurricane Andrew smashed into Louisiana yesterday, damaging rural areas, but missing   New Orleans.
The last serious   hurricane caused $4.2 billion in insured losses in 1989.
Two million Floridians remain   without electricity or safe water.
In Florida, local officials are criticizing emergency relief   efforts.
The cleanup from Hurricane Andrew has begun in Louisiana, where the Federal   Emergency Management Agency has set $77 million aside for recovery.
Damage in southern Florida was much greater than was previously   believed, reaching more than $15 billion.
The U.S. economy has not climbed out of the recession.
The company's adjusters estimate total insured losses may reach $8 billion,   within total damages of more than $20 billion.
Primary insurers include the State   Farm Group, Allstate, Hartford Insurance, Aetna, and Travellers.
Now   high bond yields will make it hard for the Fed to cut interest rates.
Most on the dollar damage was inflicted a week ago when bond yields   jumped sharply and the Dow Jones industrial average dropped more than 75 points.
