Troops battled Moslem separatists in the Kashmir city of Srinagar over the weekend.
According to Indian police, 15 demonstrators were killed on Sunday and six on Saturday   night.
Moslem militants   are demanding that the state of Jammu-Kashmir become independent or part of Moslem   Pakistan.
The death toll since   January now is 195.
Kashmir has been a problem between Pakistan and India for 40   years and precipitated two wars.
The new governor, appointed by Prime Minister Singh, imposed a 24-hour curfew   on Saturday, but crowds defied the curfew and surged into the streets.
Pakistan and India already have fought two wars   over Kashmir.
Parts of Kashmir are claimed by both India and Pakistan and the area has been   under dispute since 1947.
The   separatists are seeking independence for the Jammu-Kashmir state.
Tens of thousands chanting "freedom" marched to a 600-  year-old Moslem shrine northwest of Srinagar on Saturday.
Moslem separatists, armed with Chinese-designed AK-47 rifles, killed two Indian   paramilitary troops on Thursday as violence continues in the India state of Jammu-  Kashmir.
The governor has appealed for peace.
Since   January, 863 people have been killed in the crackdown on the separatists.
At least 85 people have been killed since the recent flare-up began on January   20.
He was an   independent member of the state legislature, dissolved in January, and had negotiated a   prisoner exchange involving prominent members of the Jammu-Kashmir Liberation   Front.
Indian frontier guards killed 20 Moslem militants as they crossed the border from   Pakistan on Monday, according to an Indian official.
India and Pakistan have fought two wars over Kashmir, which was split between   the nations.
A   Pakistani official said artillery fire was exchanged and Indian soldiers fired on Pakistani   civilians and vehicles.
India had increased patrols, claiming Moslem separatists were going into Pakistan for   training and arms and infiltrating back into the trouble India state of Jammu-Kashmir.
The front is one a several groups leading a bloody campaign to gain independence   for Jammu-Kashmir, the only Moslem majority state in India.
The governor of Jammu-Kashmir claims only a "handful of   terrorists" are fighting, but others say the situation is critical.
Kashmir, predominately   Moslem, was divided between India and Moslem Pakistan in 1947.
