State-run media indicated that a crackdown had begun  against the people of Armenia who continue to agitate for annexation  of a mostly Armenian enclave in the neighboring republic of  Azerbaijan.
Mikail Gorbachev proposed tougher legislation to punish Soviets who  kindle ethnic unrest, saying "nationalist passions" benefit opponents  of his reforms.
The six-month conflict between the two republics over the  Nagorno- Karabakh district has let to ethnic violence.
The Soviet government has decided to give ethnic Germans and Crimean  Tatars who were expelled from their homelands by Stalin their own  autonomous region.
Gorbachev made other proposals  to increase power for each of the 15 republics.
He says that the adoption   of the Latvian citizenship law violates not only human rights but creates the conditions   for a conflict similar to the ones in Yugoslavia and the Caucasus.
Gorbachev said  the grounds for tougher legislation come from the Soviet constitution,  which says it is unlawful to advocate "racial or national  exclusiveness, hostility or contempt".
These conflicts were often  accompanied by riots, arson and the massacre of innocent people.
Russia and Georgia deployed peacekeeping troops to stop ethnic  fighting in the disputed region of South Ossetia, which is part of  Georgia, in the first peacekeeping operation since the collapse of the  Soviet Union.
The Russian action mirrored recent developments in the former  Soviet Republic of Tajikistan, where Russian troops have also been  deployed.
Mikail Gorbachev warned the nation that the country's growing ethnic  strife is endangering its unity as a state as well as threatening his  program of political and economic reform.
Besides unrest in Kirghizia and Uzbekistan,  ethnic violence has also been reported in Georgia, Armenia,  Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan and Tadzhikistan.
The international community is becoming increasingly aware of the true  magnitude of ethnic and political conflicts in the former Soviet  Union.
With serious ethnic clashes  and unrest in several Soviet republics and with nationalism growing  stronger in the Baltic republics, Gorbachev is struggling to hold the  Soviet Union together while pushing broad reforms.
Russia is concerned about conflicts close to its borders,  about the safety of ethnic Russians living in those areas and about  refugees fleeing to Russia.
Ethnic violence killed 148 people and wounded 885 in the Central  Republic of Kirghizia in the Soviet Union.
