Greek divers located the remains of a wooden sailing vessel on 3 May 1988.
The Turkish vessel was identified as the Bourloti Seimaz, or translated as "Explosives   Invincible".
The vessel   was found near Chios, a Greek island in the eastern Aegean Sea, where a Greek naval   vessel sank a Turkish warship on 7 June 1882.
More than 1,000, including 400 Greeks, were aboard the Turkish ship.
It was returning from raiding and killing thousands of Greeks on Chios.
The ship was   crammed with loot taken from Chios.
A freighter with a cargo of beer sank today 28 nautical miles north of the Ameland, a   Dutch island in the North Sea.
The ship was 600 miles south of Cape Horn, and about two miles from a United   States research facility on the Antarctic Peninsula.
The Greek divers hope to interest American and Turkish  experts to help in recovering the vessel.
The Coast Guard identified the ship as a Finnish-registered freighter, but did not identify   it by name.
A West German helicopter from the island of Borkum,   30 miles from where the ship went down, took the crewmen ashore.
Any review of ferry safety will focus on ferry design,   enforcement of existing regulations, and crew training.
The ship sank   about 12:45 P.M. in high winds.
A United States Coast Guard ship on patrol spotted a man and woman in a raft about 30   miles off the coast of Costa Rica.
Leopold Gratz, President of the Austrian Parliament, resigned today because of the   scandal surrounding the mysterious sinking if the Lucona 12 years ago.
The 316 people aboard the ship,   including 82 tourists, were rescued by power boats after the ship ran aground.
This is an area of heavy freight traffic.
Earlier reports had   identified the ship as a passenger ferry.
The ship was carrying jet fuel, gasoline, canisters of compressed gases, and other supplies   to the Argentine Esperanza Station near the tip of the Antarctica Peninsula.
The ship's origin and destination were not provided.
There is great   concern that diesel fuel would leak and damage the unspoiled ecology of Antarctica.
The Korean-flagged fishing vessel Chin Yuan Hsing was scuttled in waters off Argentina   on 21 May 1994.
