Thunderstorms with tornadoes, 100-mph winds and hail wreaked havoc across the middle   Mississippi Valley and the Southeast Wednesday.
Elsewhere, snow fell from the northern   Rockies to the upper Great Lakes, while unseasonably mild weather continued in the East.
The   thunderstorms developed ahead of a strong cold front and swept eastward from Missouri and   Arkansas.
Four tornadoes pounded the Huntsville, AL area killing two people and causing injuries.
Southern Illinois was hard hit by storms with winds 80-100   mph.
Another   touched down in South Carolina.
Two other tornadoes struck as severe weather swept across much of Alabama.
A tornado slammed into a shopping district, a residential area, and a school Wednesday in   Huntsville, AL, killing at least 14 people, injuring nearly 300 and trapping many others in cars   and homes.
65 mph winds damaged   Kentucky and Louisiana.
Thunderstorms dropped large hailstones in Indiana and Tennessee.
Blocked roads made it difficult for doctors to reach the Humana Hospital.
Strong winds and heavy thunderstorms caused heavy damage in the District of Columbia,   Illinois, Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania and West Virginia.
The worst damage was in Huntsville, AL when a tornado laid waste a wide   swath of the city and caused the death of seventeen people.
The tornadoes were reported in Alabama, Maryland, Delaware,   Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Mississippi, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, and South Carolina,   Major damage was caused in Huntsville, AL, where seventeen people were killed, 463 injured,   and 1,000 left homeless.
No   damage was reported to the city's Marshall Space Flight Center and the Army's Redstone   Arsenal.
Four people were killed by a tornado in Palmetto, Georgia.
Tornadoes and thunderstorms killed 27 people, injured more than 500, and left hundreds   homeless since Wednesday.
Troopers and   National Guard troops were called in to help and the entire state was put under tornado watch.
In Huntsville, AL a tornado slammed into a shopping district, a residential area, and a school   Wednesday, killing at least 15 people.
Thunderstorms and wind caused   heavy damage in Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and New York.
There   were several fatalities, notably, in Newburgh, NY when a tree crashed through a school roof   killing at least seven children and injuring eighteen.
