It knocked out phones and power.
A 30-foot section of the San Francisco Bay Bridge upper deck collapsed   onto the bottom level.
A major earthquake, lasting 15 seconds and measuring 6.5 on the Richter scale, rocked   northern California Tuesday evening.
The Richter   scale measures ground motion.
Candlestick Park, where fans awaited start of the   World Series, shook and was evacuated.
The San Francisco earthquake of 1906 has been estimated at 8.3.
The quake shook buildings 95 miles northeast in Sacramento, and   was felt 225 miles east in Reno, Nevada.
Every increase of one number means a tenfold increase in   magnitude.
Candlestick Park swayed and shook.
An earthquake measuring 6.9 rocked Northern California at 5:04pm Tuesday.
A 30-foot section of the San Francisco Bay Bridge collapsed, killing one and   leaving two cars dangling between levels.
World Series Game Three was canceled and fans   evacuated.
In San Francisco's 6.9 earthquake, buildings collapsed because of poor soil and structural   design.
The smell of gas pervaded Marin.
The stadium shook and the special concrete joints   strategically spaced around the top of the stadium to prevent earthquake damage did what   they were designed to, opening and closing as if the stadium was cardboard instead of   concrete.
President   Bush promised federal help.
Scientists   are concerned at the increase of recent 5-magnitude quakes, similar to those preceding the   1906 quake.
Tuesday's 6.9 quake was centered in the Santa Cruz area, 75 miles south of San   Francisco.
In nearby Hollister, a building and bridge   collapsed.
A few people ran out of the   stadium, but most waited in their seats to hear if Game Three of the World Series would   be postponed.
The quake centered   75 miles south in the Santa Cruz area.
Charleston sent    drinking water, symbolic of support following Hugo.
Fires raged in San Francisco's Marina District and near the UC Berkeley   library.
LA shipped doctors, police, and   fire investigators.
Offers of equipment and personnel for San Francisco Bay earthquake survivor searches    came from Los Angeles, Los Alamos, Israel, and France.
The same size quake takes longer to happen again because quakes relieve    stress, so scientists believed the next big one would strike the LA area.
