The aircraft carrier Coral   Sea came to assist.
Its   guns are original equipment.
The explosion occurred   in a gun turret as a 16-inch gun was being fired during a training exercise about 330 miles   NE of Puerto Rico.
An explosion rocked the battleship Iowa today, killing 47 sailors.
The Iowa dates from WWII and was put back into service in 1982.
The Iowa, in no danger of sinking, headed back to Roosevelt Roads   Naval Base after the crew extinguished the fire that broke out.
Fred   Moosally praised the turret's gun crew as the best on the ship.
Naval investigators boarded the battleship Iowa to find out the cause of Wednesday's gun   explosion during a training exercise.
Eleven men escaped from powder   magazines at its base.
Deaths in upper turret chambers were   from the explosion and fire while those at lower levels were due to suffocation when the   blast sucked out oxygen.
2 turret's guns   had been fired.
Bodies of   the casualties -- one officer and 46 enlisted men -- were sent to Dover AFB, site of the   military's largest mortuary.
Investigators' search for the cause of Wednesday's explosion aboard the battleship Iowa    is hampered by the absence of eyewitnesses.
The battleship Iowa steamed home from Puerto Rico Friday under its own power,   following an explosion on board that killed 47.
They discarded the theory that red-hot debris left in   a gun's breech by earlier rounds sparked the blast, because none of No.
A moratorium was placed on firing 16-inch guns.
A moratorium was placed on firing 16-  inch guns.
500   Iowa crewmen were blocked by traffic and Bush security.
Gun operation requires 60-70 men, with 20-30 in the turret   and others below sending up shells and 110-pound bags of gunpowder.
President Bush will attend a memorial service Monday in Norfolk.
2 turret's gun house   where the explosion occurred were killed.
Flame and hot gases reached the lowest deck, indicating the hoist was   not yet sealed.
Crowds gathered on Norfolk's waterfront Friday for a memorial after Wednesday's   explosion aboard the Iowa.
All casualties were at the turret's top.
Crew on the Navy's three other battleships particularly felt the loss   of comrades, as well as a connection with sailors who served on the same ships in WWII.
