Floods have hit Changsha, the capital of central China's Hunan Province following a   succession of rainstorms in the upper and middle Xiangjiang River.
Late this afternoon   the water level at the Changsha monitoring station had risen to 38.93 meters, some 0.56   meters higher than ever previously recorded.
So far, more than 500,000 soldiers and local residents are fighting the floods.
Yesterday afternoon 19 dykes in the Changsha area collapsed affecting 128,000 residents.
The water level is still rising sharply.
The Changsha city government has asked those in the endangered area to move to safer   places.
Communist Party officials urge perseverance.
They gave important directives   for current flood prevention and disaster relief tasks in Guangdong.
Jiang Zemin, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee Political Bureau and   chairman of the Central Military Commission, and Li Peng, premier of the State Council,   are very concerned about floods in Guangdong Province.
The province has allocated grain,   cash and farm production supplies such as fertilizer and diesel fuel to the flood-stricken   areas.
The sea tide may add to the floodwater causing the Zhujiang Delta with its forest of   factories to face its most rigorous flood test yet.
Floods continue to seriously affect Guangdong, Hunan and Jiangxi Provinces and the   Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region.
Since   the peak flood season has not yet arrived we cannot slacken our efforts.
This morning Provincial Party Committee Secretary Wang Molin, provincial Governor   Chen Bangzhu, and other party and government leaders arrived at Changsha City to   direct the fight against the flooding.
However, the   province's situation remains serious because forecasts indicate more rain will fall over   the next several days.
According to the State Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters, after the largest   or the second largest flood peaks since the liberation of China occurred a few days ago in   the Xi Jiang, Bei Jiang, Xiang Jiang, and Gan Jiang rivers, water levels in these rivers are   dropping slowly.
He said that by their work, the cadres and people in Zhuzhou and   Xiangtan rescued a large number of industrial and mining enterprises.
Floods that hit Guangdong, Guangxi, Hunan, Jiangxi, Fujian and Zhejiang Provinces   have all receded.
The State Council, China's highest governing   body, sent a joint working group of the Ministries of Water Resources, Construction and   Civil Affairs to fight the floods in Guangxi and Guangdong.
