John Major, Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's Chancellor of the Exchequer and her   chosen heir apparent, was elected Conservative Party leader today and will become prime   minister.
Both his opponents, former Defense Secretary Heseltine   and Foreign Secretary Hurd, with131 votes and 56 votes, respectively, conceded defeat.
Major won 185 votes.
Queen Elizabeth II will summon Major and ask him to form a cabinet after Thatcher   surrenders her seals of office at Buckingham Palace on Wednesday.
Prime Minister John Major won the general election a year ago, but today he is a deeply   unpopular, unproven leader.
Major, a high-school dropout, was elected Conservative Party   leader after Thatcher, failing to garner the necessary majority votes in a leadership   contest last Tuesday, resigned.
One poll shows that Michael Heseltine is the favorite to replace Mr. Major if he is forced   out, but that Michael Portillo will vigorously campaign to secure Eurosceptic policies   from the eventual winner.
John Major, 47, Margaret Thatcher's protege, was elected Conservative Party leader   Tuesday night and will succeed her as prime minister.
His party is internally torn over the controversy that   accompanied Britain's withdrawal of sterling from the European Monetary System and   by a lingering deep recession that has alienated many traditional supporters in business.
Propelled to power by   Margaret Thatcher who expected to continue her program discretely, Major is a weak   leader.
Major said Clinton would visit Britain, including possibly Oxford University,   Clinton's alma mater.
In four television interviews that began airing today, British Prime Minister John Major,   said all Iraqi troops must withdraw from Kuwait or they will be "forcibly removed."
Major, 47, a former welfare recipient, was elected to Parliament in1979, was appointed   foreign secretary in July 1989, and Chancellor of the Exchequer three months later.
A biography of Mrs. Norma Major claims that the Majors' favorite film was "Being   There," a movie about a vacuous gardener, Chauncey, who becomes a candidate for the   U.S. presidency.
On Easter Sunday, three Cabinet ministers supported John Major in the wake of   speculation that he could be forced out this autumn.
Major is gone, especially after the Christchurch by-election where a   Conservative majority in last year's general election was transformed to a liberal   Democrats majority of 16,427.
