On Friday   he decried the unrest and proposed legislation to punish Soviets who kindle ethnic unrest   He made other proposals to resolve ethnic tensions, including an increase in power for   each of the country's 15 republics, and a law on the "equal use" of the more than 100   languages of the Soviet Union.
The six-month conflict between Armenia and Azerbaijan over Nagoro-Karabakh, an   enclave of Armenians of Armenians living within Azerbaijan, is one of the most   rancorous domestic disputes faced by Gorbachev since he became president.
Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia, countries forcibly incorporated into the Soviet Union,   have demanded more control of their affairs.
President Gorbachev warned Saturday that growing ethnic unrest across the Soviet Union   was endangering the political and economic reforms, and even threatening the nation's   existence.
Ministry troops had been   used in 13 regions of the Soviet Union because of ethnic disputes.
Moldavia agreed on Sunday to comply with the Kremlin's order to reconsider its law   making the Moldavian language the republic's official language.
They were sent to Siberia and Central Asia, and now they   want to return to their traditional homeland.
Today a former USSR Supreme Soviet Deputy from Latvia said the adoption of the   Latvian citizenship law violates human rights, and creates the conditions for a conflict   like those in the Caucasus.
He said the United States encouraged Latvia to pass the law   discriminating against the Russian-speaking population of Latvia.
Groups in Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania are advocating secession.
Hard-liners want Gorbachev to declare a state of   emergency in the ethnically and geographically diverse republic.
He then went on to   describe a convoluted scenario that has Russia supporting the law in order to create a   situation that would later benefit Russia at Latvia's expense.
One hundred died last   month in vicious assaults against Mesketian Turks in Uzbekistan, and there is new   violence in an area of Georgia populated be Azerbaijanis.
Last month troops were sent to Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia to maintain order.
Moldavia borders   Romania, and the Moldavian language is identical to Romanian except for the Cyrillic   script that Stalin imposed on the republic.
South Ossetia wants unification with North Ossetia that has been a part of Russia since   Stalin's days This was the first peacekeeping attempt anywhere in the former Soviet   Union, whose disintegration touched off waves of new ethic conflicts between the   Afghan and Romanian borders.
