Tropical Storm Gilbert formed in the eastern Caribbean   and became a hurricane on Saturday night.
By 2 a.m. Sunday it was about 200 miles   southeast of Santo Domingo and moving westward at 15 mph with winds of 75 mph.
Hurricane Gilbert is moving toward the Dominican Republic, where the residents of the   south coast, especially the Barahona Province, have been alerted to prepare for heavy   rains, and high winds and seas.
The second hurricane of the   season, Florence, is now over the southern United States and downgraded to a tropical   storm.
Hurricane Gilbert is heading toward Jamaica with 100 mph winds.
Flooding is expected in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.
This exceptionally large system was about 425 miles east   of Kingston on Sunday afternoon.
Thousands of residents along the Gulf of Mexico fled on Thursday to higher ground as   the first storm from Hurricane Gilbert arrived in Brownsville, Texas.
The storm is gaining strength after passing Puerto   Rico, where there was coastal flooding and wind damage.
Gilbert has been declared a Category 5 storm but   has a storm surge, the dome of water that follows the eye, of only 8-12 feet.
A hurricane warning   has been issued for the island.
Gilbert is now a   Category 3 storm, but at one point was the most intense in history and wrecked havoc   across the Dominican Republic, Haiti, Jamaica, and the Cayman Islands.
A hurricane   warning has been issued for the southern half of the Texas coast with a hurricane watch   to the Louisiana border.
Gilbert formed in the eastern Caribbean and became a hurricane Saturday night.
Gilbert raged through the Caribbean before battering the Yucatan on Wednesday.
U.S. weather officials are calling Gilbert the most intense hurricane ever recorded in the   Western Hemisphere.
Three people were reported   injured.
Earlier in the week, Gilbert had pounded the Dominican Republic, Jamaica,   and the Cayman Islands, killing at least 11 and leaving 60,000 homeless.
Tropical storm Gilbert is now 50 miles southeast of   Monterrey, Mexico and continuing to weaken, although a flash flood danger remains.
The storm is moving west-  northwest and is expected to hit early Wednesday morning.
Gilbert is a   Category 5, the highest, storm and has been called the most intensive storm on record.
