Andrei D. Sakharov, 66, won the 1975 Nobel Peace Prize.
He vocally supports Gorbachev's   reform campaign but calls for political prisoner liberation and human rights   improvements.
He was exiled to Gorky for   seven years after criticizing the Soviet drive into Afghanistan, returning to Moscow with   his wife Yelena Bonner in December 1986.
Sakharov belongs to the Academy of   Sciences and helped create the Soviet hydrogen bomb.
His apartment is a mecca   for Soviets seeking his aid.
Now   press says they live simply.
Andrei D. Sakharov, brilliant physicist and prominent 1970s dissident, won the 1975   Nobel Peace Prize.
After criticizing Soviet intervention in Afghanistan, without trial he   was exiled to the closed city of Gorky from January 1980 to December 1986.
Sakharov always does the dishes.
Sakharov helped form the   1970s Soviet dissident movement, won the 1975 Nobel Peace Prize, and was exiled   internally for seven years after criticizing Soviet occupation of Afghanistan.
Past Soviet reports called the couple traitors, accusing Bonner of   marrying Sakharov for his money, and saying they lived in luxury amid scandals.
Sakharov was nominated for a seat in the new 2250-member Congress of   People's Deputies by several geographic districts, but refused the nominations and fought   for an Academy of Sciences seat.
Gorbachev   allowed him to return to Moscow in December 1986.
Andrei D. Sakharov, 68-year-old physicist, human rights activist, and winner of the 1975   Nobel Peace Prize, died Thursday of an apparent heart attack in his Moscow apartment.
In New York Thursday, Andrei D. Sakharov, father of the Soviet dissident movement,   received the 1973 Human Rights Award from the International League for Human   Rights.
Breshnev exiled   Sakharov in 1980 for criticizing Soviet intervention in Afghanistan.
Human rights activist Andrei D. Sakharov began a two-week US visit Sunday.
Sakharov's first US visit began Sunday.
An obituary signed   by officials and scholars appeared in Pravda and emphasized the importance of   Sakharov's 1975 Nobel Peace Prize.
Andrei D. Sakharov, 68, died Thursday in his study, hours after urging creation of formal   parliamentary opposition to break the party's stranglehold on power.
At age 32 Sakharov became the youngest member of   the Academy of Sciences and joined the group that developed the Soviet hydrogen bomb.
