Raymond Buckey and his mother, Peggy McMartin Buckey, are charged with 64 counts   of molestation of children attending their family-owned pre-school and one count of   conspiracy.
Jurors, in the ninth week of deliberations, have questioned elements   of the charges and appeared confused.
Jurors in the McMartin Pre-School molestation case said today that they have reached a   verdict on 52 counts of the case and remained deadlocked on the last 13 charges.
Superior Court   Judge William Pounds will hold a hearing on Thursday.
This is the longest, most costly, criminal trial in history.
One decision could be opening   the sealed verdicts.
The McMartin Pre-School molestation case began in August 1983 when Judy Johnson   accused Raymond Buckey of molesting her son.
On January 18, 1990 they were acquitted on 52 counts, with a mistrial   declared on 13 counts.
Charges later were dismissed against all but Buckey and his   mother.
Thursday's acquittals in the McMartin Pre-School molestation case brought widely   divergent reactions.
Jury selection began in April 1987 and the actual trial ran from July until   November 1989.
Parents of former students decried   the system for failing their children.
A therapist defended her role in the McMartin Pre-School molestation trial against   Raymond Buckey and his mother, which ended Thursday with acquittal on 52 counts and   13 counts deadlocked.
In   January 1986, the preliminary hearing, after 18 months and $4 million, brought 135   counts against the seven.
The McMartin trial, the longest   criminal case in history, ended Thursday with no convictions.
The longest, costliest, criminal trial in history ended Thursday when Ray Buckey and his   mother, Peggy McMartin Buckey, were found not guilty on 52 counts in the McMartin   Pre-School child molestation case.
The jurors also criticized a letter sent to   parents by police after the first accusation, saying the letter put information out too early   and led parents.
By March 1984, a public outcry had   been created and seven people were arrested for abusing 18 children over 10 years.
Who is to blame for the nation's longest and costliest trial, the McMartin Pre-School   molestation case, which ended Thursday?
These allegations were never confirmed, but membership fell and   the minister and church continued to face threatening phone calls and vandal attacks.
