A mass emigration of disaffected East Germans has rekindled reunification talk   in West Germany.
The West German constitution calls for one Germany, but until recently reunification has   not been a paramount issue.
Emerging opposition to uncompromising rule in East Germany has raised questions about   their leaders' ability to resist the democratic reforms sweeping through Eastern bloc   countries.
No one is predicting a date for reunification.
Moscow has tolerated reforms elsewhere, but is more concerned about   conditions in East Germany.
Close to 80,000 East German refugees have arrived in West Germany   so far this year.
Sweeping democratic reforms made under the pressure of mass protests have spurred talk   of reuniting the two German states.
The lifting of travel restrictions by East Germany has given new life to the idea of a   single Germany.
Ironically, if German reunification is   effected before West German elections in December, their votes could help to defeat   Kohl's Christian Democrat Party.
Vernon Walters, United States Ambassador   to Bonn, thinks that it could occur in the near future.
The daily sight of thousands fleeing Honeker's hard-line   Communist rule to the capitalist west has revived international interest in the debate.
No one is thinking in terms of   another war, but an undivided Germany could become the unchallenged economic and   political force on the continent.
It is apparent to the government that    reunification needs a strong growing West Germany economy to finance the   subsidization of the woeful living conditions of the East Germans until there is a   sustained upswing in the East.
It admitted that the East German socialist system had failed, and expressed   support for some type of partnership with West Germany.
Part of the statement is that the   Holocaust must never be repeated.
West German Chancellor Kohl said in Moscow that Soviet President Gorbachev had   given him an unequivocal promise to respect German reunification.
Soviet President Gorbachev met Tuesday with East German Premier Modrow who said   that Gorbachev did not rule out the prospect of reunification, but did not set a time.
East German elections are a little more than a month away, and the Social Democratic   Party has taken a surprising lead in the polls.
