A study published today in the New England Journal of Medicine indicates that an   intestinal operation to lower cholesterol of heart attack patients reduced the risk of a   second heart attack.
In studies with rats induced to have heart attacks, those rats receiving injections of TGF   beta had 50 percent less cell damage than those not receiving the injections.
The extent of heart cell damage was determined by measuring the   amount of creatine kinase in the heart tissue.
TGF beta is   normally present in heart cells but is missing from rat heart cells damaged by the   simulated heart attack.
Hearts damaged by a heart attack tended to   lose creatine kinase.
According to a study published in the journal Science, cardiac cell damage following a   heart attack may be limited by a natural substance called transforming growth factor beta.
Significantly, however, the chance for a heart attack in patients with heart   pumping problems increased by 25 percent.
An experiment indicates that a blood and urine test of individuals with high blood   pressure can pinpoint those patients most likely to have a heart attack.
Verapamil is about  as effective as beta blockers in protecting people after heart attacks   and may be useful in instances where beta blockers cannot be used.
When used with   a clot-dissolving drug, given within 24 hours of a heart attack, the chance of a second   heart attack is reduced from 13 percent to 8 percent.
Despite this decrease, it is believed   that up to 50 percent of the heart disease cased by the clogging of blood vessels feeding   the heart; the most lethal heart ailment.
Nitrates, in use for over 50 years, and beta blockers, which were   developed in the 1960s, are other treatments commonly prescribed by doctors.
Tests of Diltiazem, a calcium entry blocker, indicate that its use could prevent recurring   heart attacks in a majority of patients.
The earlier release also has the benefit of significantly reducing   medical costs.
Lowering cholesterol levels and educating people   to get to the hospital  within three to four hours of the first sign of a heart attack would   significantly increase survival rates.
TPA, given right after a heart attack, can dissolve clots while angioplasty   can open up clogged arteries.
