Paying unexpected calls on Wal-Mart stores is one way Chairman Sam Walton has kept   in touch with everyday happenings.
Other Wal-Mart executives follow his example.
He is happy to chat with customers, but shuns the press   especially when asked about his massive fortune.
Walton's personality permeates operations and his whole family is in the business.
He opened Wal-Mart Discount City in   1962.
People say Sam is as old-fashioned and homespun as his principles, which declare the   customer is always right.
Walton turns 71 in March.
He was   born in Oklahoma, the son of a mortgage banker.
Wal-Mart founder Sam Walton helped the check-out clerks in his Fort Walton Beach,   Florida store on Tuesday evening.
The rest is history.
He was visiting when a computer problem shut down   the cash registers, so he took a note pad and started writing down prices for customers so   their bills could be added more quickly.
Walton has declined to comment.
Many recognized him and he shook hands and   chatted.
Walton, 71, is known for his down-home style and surprise visits.
He had come   to the Fort Walton Beach store to attend a promotional concert in its parking lot.
Also essential is   Wal-Mart's year around high-volume, cut-price selling.
Sam Walton is arguably the most important retailer of his generation.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.'s Visitors Center opens Wednesday, 40 years after Sam Walton   opened a business in the same building in Bentonville, Arkansas.
Walton   stayed for the concert and led the Wal-Mart cheer.
This scholarly work identifies Wal-Mart's ability to copy and   adapt, staying open to new technology, and building the most efficient retail distribution   system.
Forbes first listed Walton as the richest man in the nation   in 1985, drawing worldwide attention to Bentonville.
He opened more Ben Franklin Stores, but the company   did not like his plan for discount stores in rural areas.
Although he is ranked as the richest man in the nation, Sam Walton is just another   neighbor to folks in Bentonville, Arkansas.
Walton and his brother opened the   first Wal-Mart Discount City in 1962.
Success can be attributed to Walton's personality   and his willingness to challenge retailing orthodoxy.
The founder to the third-largest retail chain   prefers bird hunting, tennis, and opening new stores to talking about his money.
