The Senate Armed Services Committee, controlled by the Democrats, has voted 11-9 along party   lines to recommend that the full senate reject the nomination of former senator John Tower as   Secretary of Defense.
Tower, in admitting that he had a drinking problem in the 1970s, promised no to touch a   drop of alcohol if nominated.
this comes after allegations that on the 1970s, Tower would consume as   much as a bottle of scotch in one sitting.
Rep. Larry Combest, who originally made the allegation,   later said that Tower and a group of friends, not Tower alone, had frequently consumed a bottle   Scotch.
Former Senator John Tower, President Bush's nominee as defense secretary under went surgery   to remove a colon polyp on Thursday.
Sen. Tower was rejected as President Bush's candidate for defense secretary in 1989.
In the deposition, however, he wrote that he had   given the company advice on selling certain systems to the defense department.
A preliminary biopsy of the polyp, which was removed during a   three hour surgery, showed it to be benign.
The defeat was credited to the decision   by Senator Sam Nun, Chairman of the Armed Services Committee, to oppose him.
Tower is also accused of giving contradictory   testimony to the committee on his dealings with defense contractors.
Tower's   intelligence and patriotism were never in question and it came as a surprise to him that he had   made many enemies in Washington.
The Senate Armed Services Committee has put the nomination of former Texas Senator John   Tower on hold as it investigates Tower's use of alcohol and his ties to defense contractors.
Tower's work with defense contractors also raised questions with the   committee but did not appear to threaten his nomination.
In testimony before the Senate   Armed Services Committee, Paul Weyrich told the committee that Tower may lack the moral   fiber for the position, citing inappropriate use of alcohol and questionable associations with   women.
This is only the ninth time that a president's cabinet choice has been rejected and the   first time it has occurred so early in a new administration.
Allegations from conservative groups as well as Tower's   second wife fed the rumors surrounding him.
