A flash flood Thursday night sent a wall of water 15 to 20 feet high through communities   along the Ohio River, killing at least 10 people and leaving 40 to 60 missing, authorities   said.
The flood occurred after thunderstorms Thursday night dumped about 4 inches of   rain in about an hour.
The Shadyside Fire Department established a command center at the Jefferson   Elementary School to coordinate rescue efforts.
Two creeks outside of Shadyside, Ohio overflowed, knocking homes off their   foundations and washing away a Shadyside bar filled with people.
Torrential thunderstorms sent a flash flood into the Ohio River town of Shadyside, killing   at least 11 people, leaving 51 missing and scores homeless Friday, authorities said.
Thunderstorms swept through central and eastern Ohio Thursday night causing flooding   that killed at least 10 people in Belmont County and caused the evacuation of about 200   residents from their homes in Licking and Jefferson counties.
Kerri Trigg who was playing in a friend's house when it was washed away in a flash   flood that swept through Shadyside Thursday night is one of nearly three dozen still   missing two days later.
Two creeks outside the Ohio River village Shadyside overflowed when about 4 inches of   rain fell in about an hour.
Cement blocks are all that remain of some homes; fallen   branches stand where trees used to be; cars are mired in roof-deep mud, and guardrails   and chunks of concrete have been torn from roads.
The Ohio River and creeks around Shadyside are being searched for survivors and   bodies.
On Sunday searchers in the rural area of eastern Ohio found a body in debris along   Wegee Creek and extracted two from the Ohio River, bringing the death toll from flash   floods that swept through the area last Thursday to19.
Five inches of rain fell in 3 hours, churning floodwaters that left at least 11 people dead   and 51 others missing early today.
The search   for the missing was suspended briefly this morning when rain fell for about 45 minutes,   swelling Wegee Creek, one of the two creeks that overflowed in Thursday night's flash   flood.
Authorities said a "wall of water" was created.
Richard Celeste declared a state of emergency.
