Indiana Republican Senator Dan Quayle, 41, was chosen by George Bush to be his    presidential running mate.
Quayle, from Huntington, Indiana, graduated from a small   liberal arts college, DePauw University, in 1970 and went to work in the Indiana   Attorney General's office.
He met his wife Marilyn, 39, when they were law students at   Indiana University in Indianapolis.
His sister   Martha Saddler lives in Huntington.
Republicans compare vice-presidential nominee-designate Dan Quayle to Thomas   Jefferson because he has "the same fire in his belly" and to John F. Kennedy because   they would be relatively the same age when running for office.
Quayle is said to be the same nice guy he was in law school.
They married in 1972 while still in school.
They have   three children, 14-year-old son Tucker, 12-year-old son Benjamin, and 9-year-old   daughter Corinne.
The media's   comparison of him to Robert Redford, another blond, is a stigma for Quayle.
Bob Dole nominated Dan Quayle, the junior senator from Indiana, for vice president at   the Republican National Convention in August.
Republican vice-presidential candidate Dan Quayle, a 1969 DePauw University graduate,   underwent six months of Indiana National Guard training then was hired as a research   assistant by the Indiana Attorney General's office, in an interview arranged by an   employee of his grandfather.
Indiana senator Dan Quayle, 41, Bush's surprise choice for his running mate as vice   president, quickly encountered questions over his military record.
Quayle is known as a nice,   capable guy with good values, from a nice family that runs the local newspaper.
The selection of Dan Quayle as running mate was Bush's first major decision   of his presidential campaign and was thought by many to be a bad choice.
Quayle as VP choice is compared to   Nixon, chosen to appease conservatives, and political nonentity Spiro Agnew.
Also, Quayle would have   12 years in the House and Senate compared to Kennedy's 14, and he is rich.
Quayle spent 12 years as a congressman and senator, tackling the vital   national and international issues that affect the lives Americans and the future of our   country.
He denied using influence to get in and was proud of his six years of service.
