Democratic reforms elsewhere in the Eastern Bloc have magnified the emerging   opposition to uncompromising Communist rule in East Germany.
The mass emigration   of thousands of disaffected East Germans has impelled  West Germany's Parliamentary   Speaker to place the subject of reunification on his committee's agenda.
With growing numbers of disgruntled East Germans emigrating to West Germany, the   idea of reunification seems possible and is being seriously discussed.
Ambassador to Bonn predicted that reunion could occur relatively soon.
Recent polls   show that between 85% and 90% of all West Germans favor a reunified Germany, but   officials there are circumspect of the concerns of Washington and Moscow.
However,   the U.S.
In letters to both leaders, Hier said the fears are real   because those who were scarred by the last "unified Germany" do not see their concerns   being addressed in current unification talks.
Because East Germany is the Soviet's most important Warsaw Pact satellite, Moscow   may not be so agreeable.
Some right-wing West German politicians have called for recovering the 40,000 square   miles of territory that Germany lost to Poland at the end of World War II.
The Bundesbank, Germany's independent central bank, is resisting political pressure   from the German government and the governments and central banks of Europe to cut   interest rates in order to ease large German deficits and inflationary pressures.
Rabbi Marvin Hier, Chairman of the Simon Wisenthal Center, has asked to meet with   West Germany's Chancellor Kolh and East Germany's Prime Minister Modrow to   discuss "the great fear that German reunification brings to the community of victims of   Nazism."
There has been   speculation that West Germany might be tempted to agree to neutrality if the Kremlin   stipulates it as price for reunification.
Disgraced former Communist   Leader, Erich Honecker, was ousted on October 18, expelled from the Party and then   jailed for treason and abuse of power.
If the two Germanys unite before the West German election in   December, the growing number of Social Democratic voters in what is today East   Germany--presuming they could vote in December--could easily tip the balance away   from the Christian Democrats, pushing Kohl out of government leadership.
West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl declared on his return from meeting with   President Gorbachev in Moscow that "the way is now free" for German unification.
