For 29 years,   Checkpoint Charlie served as the Allied checkpoint at the only place between the Berlins   that could be crossed on foot by non-Germans.
As the U.S. Army band played a song about old Berlin, a crane hoisted the rectangular   white sentry station known as Checkpoint Charlie onto a waiting truck.
Citing Checkpoint Charlie as a symbol of   the Cold War, Secretary of State Baker hoped its removal would "bury the conflicts it   created."
A ceremony held on Friday and attended by Secretary of State James Baker and Soviet   Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze as well as their colleagues from France, Britain,   and the two Germanys marked the removal of Checkpoint Charlie, the allied checkpoint   20 yards from the crossing into East Berlin.
Soviet Foreign Minister Shevardnadze called for the removal of Berlin's status   as an allied controlled city.
In an elaborate ceremony attended by six foreign ministers, numerous generals, a brass   band and hundreds of reporters, Checkpoint Charlie was lifted on to a flatbed truck and   consigned to history.
Checkpoint Charlie was erected after   Communist East Germany built the Berlin Wall and it came to symbolize the Cold War.
One resident said she   saw eight people shot to death attempting to escape and at least 20 successful attempts.
As sections of the wall continue to be   torn down the U.S. decided two weeks ago to remove Checkpoint Charlie.
Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Schevardnadze outlined the Soviet proposal allowing a   united Germany to join NATO after a five-year transition period.
Attended by a brass band and the foreign ministers of the four World War II allies,   Checkpoint Charlie was lifted into history today.
Although the public was not invited to the ceremony, residents of   the street overlooking the checkpoint watched from their windows.
The envoys from the two German states and   the four World War II allies were in Berlin to discuss German reunification.
Attendance by Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze, the first visit of a Soviet   foreign minister to Berlin, was seen as a gesture of reconciliation.
Checkpoint Charlie's cobblestone foundation   disappeared to souvenir hunters after the ceremony.
Checkpoint   Charlie became superfluous last Fall when East Germany overthrew its communist   government and the German borders were opened.
