Samuel Morse Walton, son of a farm mortgage broker, was born in Oklahoma on 29   March 1918.
He earned an economics degree from Missouri University and worked for   J.C. Penney's as a management trainee.
After a three year stint in the army Walton opened a Ben Franklin franchise, and   eventually became the largest franchisee.
The brother is still a board member, and Sam's family is involved   in the business.
He and a brother opened the first Wal-Mart   Discount City in 1962.
Customers in Wal-Mart here in Fort Walton Beach were surprised to find Sam Walton,   founder of the discount chain, helping cashiers when an electrical glitch shut down the   cash registers.
Walton is famous for his folksy style, and the help to the cashiers came  during a surprise visit to the Florida store.
In 1987 Forbes estimated the family's stake in the business at about 6.8   billion dollars.
The 1989 publication of the Forbes listing of the richest people again has Sam Walton as   the nation's richest man.
This year he is in the list of the wealthiest in the world.
That   store was a Ben Franklin franchise.
He often attends promotional events such as   the concert given by country singer Jana Jea Tuesday evening.
It does not directly address his company's non-union policies,   and the impact of his 40 billion dollar giant on the mom-and-pop stores in the small   towns where he located his stores.
The Wal-Mart Stores, Inc, will open a Visitors Center on Wednesday here in Bentonville   on the downtown square where Sam Walton opened for business on 9 May 1950.
During the concert he   joined the singer in a duet, and the led the customers in a Wal-Mart cheer.
He has been on top since Forbes first published the listing in   1988.
Displays include a replica of Walton's   original office, and a hula skirt that he wore for his "dance on Wall Street" after the   company surpassed the profit goal for 1984.
The annual Forbes publication makes Walton uncomfortable.
A book entitled, "Wal-Mart: Sam Walton's Retail Phenomenon" was published two years   after Walton died.
Its   turnover was nine percent of Sears' and 11 percent of K-Mart's.
