One big change for   tickets to sporting events like the Super Bowl: only 80% of the face value of such tickets can be   deducted and there must be a "substantial and bona fide business discussion" before, during, or   after the game.
Businesses show few signs of cutting back on their activities despite the new tax law's tighter   restrictions on what can be claimed as a business-entertainment expense.
As long as business is discussed, airfare and lodging are still 100% deductible and means are   80% deductible.
Joe Montana's 10-yard touchdown pass to John Taylor with 34 seconds   remaining provided the win.
The victory was achieved through the brilliance of  Montana and Jerry Rice, the wide   receiver who caught 12 passes for 222 yards, both Super Bowl records.
Banquets get 100% deduction if they have at least 40 persons and a speaker.
The San Francisco 49ers won the Super Bowl Sunday with a dramatic 20-16 victory over the   Cincinnati Bengals.
The pass gave Montana a Super Bowl record with 357 yards   passing.
This was the 49ers fourth win in four tries, tying them with the Pittsburgh   Steelers for the NFL championship.
Henry Carley, president of Tampa's local chapter of the NAACP, is co-chairman of one of the   feature events of Super Bowl week, the Bambaleo Parade, an extravaganza with marching bands,   a street festival, and floats.
Quarterback Joe Montana said being invited to the White   House "meant a lot to us all... Not very often do I get to see these guys in ties."
The winning team will receive permanent possession of the Vince Lombardi Trophy, named   after the late coach Vince Lombardi of the two-time Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers.
Despite the low rating, about 108.5 million watched the game, making it the ninth most-watched   TV show ever behind eight Super Bowls and the final episode of MASH.
Anheuser Busch's "Bud Bowl II" ad campaign will feature animated teams of Budweiser and   Bud Light beer bottles rattling around on a pint-sized football field.
Rice was named the   game's most valuable player.
President Bush at an East Room reception congratulated the San Francisco 49ers on their 20-16   Super Bowl victory.
The Super Bowl Task Force this year named two black men to head a community-relations   committee.
