The shuttle Discovery is to lift off from Kennedy Space Center at 8:31am EDT Tuesday   with five astronauts and the $1.5 billion Hubble Space Telescope.
Later, shuttle Columbia will take up   astronomical observatory Astro to measure ultraviolet radiation and provide Hubble with   additional targets.
A faulty power unit    forced cancellation of an April 10th launch.
NASA must launch Discovery by Saturday   or wait eight days to recharge Hubble's batteries.
A replacement steering unit was successfully tested.
Discovery's five-member crew--Commander   Loren Shriver, co-pilot Charles Bolden, Steven Hawley, Bruce McCandless, and Kathryn   Sullivan--plan to launch Hubble Wednesday.
Discovery will follow for two days to assist if anything goes wrong.
Countdown clocks resumed ticking at 3pm Saturday for the shuttle Discovery's delayed   launch at 5:31am PDT Tuesday, 14 days after a take-off was canceled because of a faulty   hydraulic power steering unit.
Hubble and Astro launches were scheduled for 1986 but delayed by the   Challenger accident.
On Wednesday, Discovery's robot arm grasped the $1.5 billion, 12-ton Hubble Space  Telescope, NASA's most expensive unmanned spacecraft, and hoisted   it into space.
Shuttle Columbia was also readied, for a   May 16th Spacelab astronomy mission.
Shuttle Discovery is to launch from Kennedy Space Center at 8:31am EDT today, climb   a record 380 miles, and place the Hubble Space Telescope in orbit.
The motion of Hubble's aperture door   opening Friday, exposing the 94.5-inch eye, knocked out two of four position-stabilizing   gyroscopes.
Sun power flowing into the telescope's batteries   through solar panels relieved worries that the batteries would use up their eight-hour   charge.
After  problems in unfurling a solar panel array were overcome, Discovery   backed away and parked in orbit 46 miles behind.
Two shuttles have not been on NASA's launch   pads simultaneously since the 1986 Challenger launch.
Discovery will aim for an altitude of 380 miles, the highest a shuttle   has ever gone, to place Hubble in orbit above Earth's distorting atmosphere.
Scientists can study galaxies 14 billion light years   away.
A   seven-month checkout period will follow.
Systems set   at conservative limits are causing malfunctions.
Hubble's   battery charging was finished Thursday.
Steve   Hawley began the slow process of grasping the 12.5-ton Hubble with Discovery's 50-foot   mechanical arm shortly after 4am PDT.
