More US territory suffered some   degree of drought in May and June than at any point on record.
On July 2, 35% of the   contiguous US was experiencing severe to extreme drought, compared to 60% in 1934   and 50% in 1954.
Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng said the drought could cause crop acreage controls to   be eased next year to help rebuild US grain inventories.
However, there will still be adequate supplies of food grains   and livestock feed to meet domestic and export demands.
Food aid from developed countries could   also fall.
Consumption will be less   because prices are higher.
Because of the extensive early season drought, this year's total affected   area could set new records.
The most severely hit crops are coarse grains (maize, barley, oats).
World cereal production in 1988 is expected to be 1.785 billion tons, only two   million tons more than last year's lower-than-expected production.
Government drought measures under consideration include payments up to $100,000 to   drought-stricken farmers and easing 1989 crop acreage controls, but are called too slow.
Countries' characters could change as higher temperatures   dry out the Midwest or melt polar ice caps.
Questions over whether global warming is short- or long-term and its impact   means policymakers should deal with possible consequences and undertake sensible   policies: reduce fossil fuel reliance, become more energy efficient, replant forests, and   investigate alternative energy.
North America's crippling drought could result in food shortages for poor, food-  importing countries facing high grain prices.
Damages include lightning-  sparked Montana forest fires, shrinking Wisconsin cannery jobs, and reduced North   Dakota spring wheat.
World grain stocks   will likely fall below 310 million tons, or 17% of the level necessary to safeguard world   food security.
President Reagan will visit drought-stricken areas tomorrow.
South American grain production should be   slightly lower.
A record expanse of US territory suffered drought in May and June.
Thirteen climatologists and meteorologists at The Weather Channel's Drought   Symposium say added attention to climate has come from greenhouse effect worries and   media centers falling in drought areas, but climate concern shouldn't end with the   drought.
Kansas City highway   projects will open early because of few rain interruptions.
