Former East German leader Erich Honecker may be moved to a monastery to protect him from   enraged citizens.
Since being ousted in October, Honecker and other party officials have been   investigated for corruption and living in luxury at cost to the state.
Krenz told an investigating commission that the former Party leadership had the notion that   everything outside of planned events and demonstrations by the Communist Youth Group was   organized by "enemy forces."
Honecker is under house arrest in government housing outside East Berlin, which is being   converted to a medical rehabilitation center.
However, the investigation is not far enough along to determine whether   charges would be filed against Honecker before the East German-West German merger.
Lutheran and Catholic churches have offered   protection and refuge fearing he would be attacked and lynched if placed in smaller quarters as   demanded by East German groups calling for his punishment.
Krenz and Schabowski denied personal responsibility for orders to attack demonstrators, noting   that Honecker and Secret-Police Chief Erich Mielke, bypassing the Politburo, engineered   attempts at suppression.
Currently, Honecker is seriously ill following gall-bladder surgery.
Along with Honecker, they are charged with corruption and abuse of office.
East Germany's Lutheran Church has offered to place him in a home for the   aged.
East Germany's deposed Communist leader, Erich Honecker, has been declared too sick to be in   jail but fit enough to be tried.
Mikhail Gorbachev urged all sides to take their time deciding the fate of Erich Honecker as the   fugitive former East German leader spent a seventh day of refuge inside the Chilean Embassy in   Moscow.
Egon Krenz, the successor to East Germany's leader Erich Honecker, and former Politburo   member Guenter Schabowski gave their version of the mentality of the hard-liners toward the   end.
One   prison warden said that many of the guards had worked for Mielke's Stasi and might interpret his   threat as an order to kill Honecker, who will be moved to the same jail if his health improves.
A   medical panel concluded that seven other former Communist officials--all close aides to   Honecker--were fit to prosecute and to be placed in custody despite advanced age and poor   health.
