Greek divers have found the remains of a Turkish warship, the Bourloti  Seimaz, in the eastern Aegean near the island of Chios.
Greek  revolutionaries had sunk the ship in 1822 in revenge for Turkish killing and  looting on Chios.
Thousands died in Chios and this action put European  countries behind the Greek struggle for independence from the Ottoman  Empire, which they won in 1830.
The Greeks had rammed the Turkish ship with  a boatload of explosives.
The Greeks escaped the explosion that killed the  Ottoman commander.
A Finnish-registered freighter with a cargo of beer sank in high winds in  the North Sea.
The remains of the ship lie under 162 feet of water  making recovery difficult.
The sinking occurred off the Dutch coast near the island of  Ameland.
The Ostwind, a yacht built for Adolf Hitler, was sunk to commemorate the  "Voyage of the Damned" in which a ship carrying over 900 Jews escaping the  Holocaust was turned away and forced to return to Europe and to Nazi  concentration camps.
The Dutch Navy also responded to the scene, sending a plane and  two lifeboats.
The British-registered ship was en route from  Athens to New York with a load of cement when it began taking on water in  the rough seas.
The ship's cargo was listed as material for a  uranium processing plant and was insured for $16 million dollars.
The mysterious sinking of the Lucona in the Indian Ocean ignited a scandal  that led to high level political resignations twelve years later.
All nine were safe.
As the boat was sinking, they grabbed  fishing rods and a salt-water purifier and stayed alive by eating raw fish  and drinking purified water.
Early reports had said the ship was a passenger ferry,  possibly Dutch.
The ship's departure point and destination were  not known.
The incident occurred about 15 nautical miles off the coast of Malvinas so  the Argentine ship transferred assistance responsibility to British  authorities in accordance with bilateral agreements.
The Ostwind must be moved or cut to pieces to  avoid becoming a hazard to ships heading to Miami.
A US Coast Guard spokesman said that boats  sometimes run into marine mammals but knew of no recorded cases of whale  aggression.
Structural evidence and the ship sitting upright convinced Ballard of the  scuttling rather than the British sinking it.
