He has received nearly 22 pints of blood since his illness worsened and the   transfusions put a strain on his heart and kidneys.
He visited with his two sons and was described as fully conscious and alert.
Recently his blood pressure and pulse   dipped sharply, but then returned to normal even as the internal bleeding continued.
He   is being fed intravenously and while complaining of fatigue does not appear to be in pain.
Emperor Hirohito of Japan has been bedridden for a month with an intestinal   hemorrhage.
The 87-year-old monarch, responds to   questions, but is less talkative than before.
He has a low-grade fever and doctors have   said he suffers from jaundice and anemia.
A spokesman said his heart and kidneys are   functioning normally.
Princess   Michiko, Hirohito's daughter-in-law, scaled down celebrations for her 54th birthday.
Since September, when he was vomiting blood, Hirohito has   received 42 pints of blood.
Emperor Hirohito of Japan has lost 40 pounds in the two months since he fell ill, but his   internal bleeding appears to have stopped.
Hirohito's role during the war was   never clear but he was worshiped in Japan as a god.
Japan must surrender for the first time in its history and end World War II.
Japanese histories will record him as   Emperor Showa, the name he chose when he became emperor in 1926.
The documentary challenges Hirohito's image as a peaceful   man, saying he must have know about the massacre of Chinese at Nanking and knew   more than a month in advance of Japan's plan to attack Pearl Harbor.
Palace officials have not given details of the Emperor's   illness and would not comment on news reports that he has pancreatic cancer.
The other half of the estate went to his   mother who as Hirohito's spouse, was exempt from paying taxes.
Most historians believe that Hirohito was a powerless figurehead   but had to approve orders to attack Pearl Harbor and the invasion of Asian countries.
In 1945,   after the U.S. dropped atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, Hirohito spoke out   against continuing the war and in a radio address to the nation announced Japan's   surrender.
A British Broadcasting documentary claims that U.S. prosecutors pressured Japan's   wartime prime minister into changing testimony at his trial to avoid incriminating   Emperor Hirohito in war crimes.
