Virginia Thomas, wife of Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas shares her   husband's conservative views.
She represented the conservative viewpoint in her jobs as   a staffer for a Republican congressman, spokeswoman for the U.S. Chamber of   Commerce and deputy assistant secretary at the Department of Labor.
She is involved with the   Cult Awareness Network, which educates the public about "destructive" cults.
Virginia Thomas, wife of Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas, who shares her   husband's conservative viewpoint, has her own critics.
Frustrated Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee say that Supreme Court   nominee Clarence Thomas is evasive, but no groundswell of opposition to his   confirmation is emerging.
Her opposition to comparable worth legislation upsets some women's rights groups and   some religious groups are troubled by her anti-cult activities.
Some   blacks view the fact that she is white as evidence that Clarence Thomas has rejected his   roots.
Virginia has represented the   conservative viewpoint in jobs as staffer for a Republican congressman, spokesperson at   the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and deputy assistant secretary at the Department of   Labor.
The Restoration of the Black Family and Society a conservative minister's group,   supports Thomas's nomination, while the National Abortion Rights Action League, have   begun a mail-in campaign opposing his nomination.
Clarence Thomas completed five grueling days of Senate questioning apparently well on   his way to becoming the second black justice in the history of the Supreme Court.
Thomas' answers frustrated the committee's   Democrats who say Thomas he is evasive.
As the Senate Judiciary Committee presses Thomas Clarence to explain his qualifications   for the Supreme Court, supporters and opponents of his nomination are lobbying   senators.
Thomas, a black federal judge was picked by President Bush   to replace the retiring Thurgood Marshall, the high court's only black justice.
The fact that she is white has drawn criticism from some blacks   who see her as evidence that Thomas has rejected his roots.
Several liberal Democrats accused Thomas of being evasive   and of disavowing many statements he made while an official of the Reagan and Bush   administrations.
The American Bar Association evaluation committee told the senators   that Thomas' articles were deficient in presentation, content, scholarship and analysis.
