The leading edge of Hurricane Hugo, with winds up to 125 mph, will probably hit   between Savannah, Ga., and Charleston, S.C. after 8 p.m., local time.
The Georgia Emergency Management Agency advised about 142,000 people to leave   their homes.
A hurricane   warning was posted for Fernandina Beach, Fla., to Oregon Inlet, N.C. Harris declared a state of emergency in six counties.
South Carolina Gov.
Campbell declared a state of emergency and dispatched 400   National Guardsmen to assist a mandatory evacuation of coastal barrier islands and   shorefront.
Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley attributed the low number of fatalities from   Hurricane Hugo to residents who monitored the strength of the hurricane and   heeded evacuation warnings.
A greater   problem was predicting the intensity of the storm, which was upgraded to a   Category 4 hurricane just hours before it hit Charleston.
Dubbed a "killer hurricane" by Mayor Joseph Riley Jr., it is the first major   hurricane to hit the 300-year-old city since 1959.
The increase in wind   speed, which was detected by Air Force reconnaissance, surprised hurricane   specialists.
State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance   Co., for example, estimates it will pay clams totaling more than $400 million.
By   midnight, 119 mph winds were reported in Charleston.
Mayor Joseph   Riley Jr., other city officials and several reporters stayed in Charleston's historic   City Hall Thursday night as the area's worst hurricane in three decades roared   through.
Although the losses are substantial, they are not expected to threaten the financial   health of any individual company.
About one-fifth of the state's 3.1 million residents live in eight coastal   counties.
It is also projecting $100 million in claims from storm damage in   North Carolina and Virginia.
The worst disaster to strike the city in recent decades was a tornado in 1938 that   killed 32 people and injured hundreds.
National Hurricane Center forecasters used computer models to track Hugo's path   into Charleston, giving people time to evacuate the South Carolina coast.
An investment analyst   said losses from Hugo could temporarily increase reinsurance rates.
The worst natural disaster to beset the city   ever occurred on Aug. 32, 1886, when an earthquake measuring 7.7 on the Richter   scale struck, claiming 110 lives and destroying 102 buildings.
