In the wake of Tuesday's earthquake many San Francisco-area homeowners will pay  for damage out-of-pocket while insurance companies may actually benefit from the  quake.
Only 25-30 percent of area homeowners carry earthquake insurance.
The insurance companies, after three years of declining rates, are likely to win  rate hikes from state regulators to compensate for the combined losses from the  earthquake and Hurricane Hugo which hit the southeastern United States earlier this  month.
Of the  estimated $500 million in residential damage, between $100 million and $150 million is  insured.
Thus, disappointing earnings in the fourth quarter may be followed by greater  profitability in the long run.
Although insurers will pay out billions of dollars for damage from this week's California  earthquake, investors predict that the psychological impact of the catastrophe will  produce higher insurance rates and a long-term gain for insurance companies.
The President  may visit the earthquake site this weekend.
But it is likely that as insurers increase the amount of  reinsurance they buy, reinsurance prices will rise followed by an increase in basic  insurance rates.
Yesterday, in response to the California earthquake, President Bush and his aides flew  into a whirlwind of activity that seemed designed to dispel any thought that the White  House was not engaged.
The special  legislative session should consider a temporary gasoline tax increase to fund highway  reconstruction.
One reported from the World Series at Candlestick Park that the upper deck  was shaking and the light stanchions were swaying.
A driver approaching San  Francisco thought she had hit fog.
The nature of this week's California earthquake is described by some of those on the  scene.
Losses  by insurers this year will probably include $2 billion to $4 billion from the quake added to  $4 billion from Hurricane Hugo.
Governor Deukmejian has rightly called the Legislature into special session to take  necessary action after last Tuesday's earthquake.
Bush as much  as admitted that the present flurry of activism was intended to counter such criticism,  remarking during a visit to the Federal Emergency Management Agency that he hoped  there would be "less carping" this time about the Agency's performance.
After the Exxon Valdez oil spill and the devastation of  Hurricane Hugo the administration was criticized for its slow response.
Vulnerable because of his past opposition to a gasoline tax increase that  would augment transportation funding, the Governor seems more interested in diverting  blame than in learning everything possible from Tuesday's disaster.
