Philippine Institute of Vulcanology   and Seismology Director Raymundo Punongbayan warned that bigger eruptions would   follow.
Clark AFB, Philippines, was evacuated today after gases, ash and rock spewed from   Mount Pinatubo located 10 miles from the U.S. base.
Subic Bay naval base will house the nearly 15,000 evacuees.
Since Pinatubo began erupting last week,   Philippine officials have evacuated more than 12,000 people in three provinces.
Pinatubo   is in the "Ring of Fire" that circles the Pacific.
Fifteen hundred   troops remained at Clark to provide security.
Mount Unzen in Japan, also in the ring,   erupted a week ago, killing 38 people.
A cloud of ash-laden steam rose up to 11,500 feet above Mount Pinatubo today.
President Aquino dismissed a British newspaper report that the U.S. had warned of   possible radioactive contamination if the volcano damages nuclear storage sites at Clark   AFB which was abandoned Monday by nearly 15,000 Americans.
Five explosions rocked Mount Pinatubo today between 08:40 a.m. and 11:05 p.m.   causing residents of nearby Angeles and the remaining personnel on Clark AFB to flee   the area.
Lipman is in   contact with five USGS scientists who remained at Clark AFB which was evacuated   along with thousands of Filipinos living near the volcano.
Thus far, ash has blown away   from the base, but the summer monsoon weather pattern will reverse the pattern.
Most of Clark's 15,000 residents were relocated to Subic Bay naval base on   Monday.
Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology Director Raymundo   Punongbayan said more eruptions, at least as severe, are expected within three days.
According to Peter   Lipman, a Menlo Park U.S. Geological Survey volcanologist, a major eruption could   occur causing death and destruction from hellish avalanches of hot ash.
Mount Pinatubo exploded today, hurling ash and gas over 12 miles high.
U.S. officials will not comment on whether nuclear weapons are   stored at Clark, but they deny the suggestion that molten rock falling on base weapons   depots would create a radiation danger.
The   Philippine volcano erupted Saturday after six centuries of dormancy.
Mount Pinatubo erupted late Wednesday and early today forcing another evacuation of   Clark AFB.
Thus far, at least four people have died, 24 have been injured, and about 84,000   evacuated since Pinatubo began erupting Sunday after six centuries of dormancy.
