Iraq's powerful army quickly claimed victory today in its invasion of Kuwait.
All of Kuwait is occupied.
The Kuwaiti   Emir fled to Saudi Arabia.
Kuwait's U.S. ambassador   appealed for U.S. military intervention.
Iraq's invasion followed its accusation that   Kuwait stole oil from a disputed border area and exceeded OPEC production quotas.
100,000 battle-tested Iraqi tank-led troops had massed on the border in recent days   facing Kuwait's 20,300-strong armed forces.
On Friday Soviet   Foreign Minister Shevardnadze and U.S. Secretary of State Baker plan a joint   statement in Moscow on the invasion, apparently lining up the two super powers on the   same side for a change.
On Wednesday Iraqi   officials abruptly walked out of diplomatic talks in Jiddah, Saudi Arabia, and the next   morning Kuwait was invaded.
The Iraqi-installed government of Kuwait told other   countries to refrain from taking "punishing measures" against it or Iraq and threatened   that they "have to remember they have interests and citizens in Kuwait."
Iraq's army invaded tiny oil-rich Kuwait today and with a force of 100,000 quickly   overcame the smaller country's 20,300-strong armed forces.
A draft resolution calls for an embargo on Iraq's oil exports   and on imports to Iraq, and a halt to all military supplies for Iraq.
The Iraqi government claimed it invaded at   the request of revolutionaries who had staged a coup and established "the provisional   government of free Kuwait."
Prime Minister Sheik   Saad al-Abdullah al-Sabah appealed on Kuwaiti radio for Arab support.
Tension eased somewhat when Iraq and Kuwait   agreed to meet for discussions, but when they met on July 31 Iraq massed 100,000   troops on the border facing Kuwait's 20,000-strong armed forces.
Knowledgeable diplomats labeled the coup report as a   farce.
Although Bush has refused to rule out military action, it seems unlikely in view of Iraq's   military strength, the limited U.S. forces nearby and the opposition to U.S. intervention   from other countries in the area.
The new Iraqi-installed government of Kuwait claimed that Iraqi troops began a pullout   from Kuwait Sunday, but the United States doesn't believe it.
The U.N. Security Council voted 14-0 denouncing the invasion   and demanding an Iraqi withdrawal.
First, Saddam Hussein accused Kuwait of flooding the oil market and of   stealing oil from wells along the disputed border.
