These storms were created as a   strong cold front moved eastward from Missouri and Arkansas.
Tornados pounded   Huntsville, Alabama.
Storms roared across the middle Mississippi Valley and the Southeast on Wednesday,   bringing tornadoes, high winds, and baseball-sized hail.
Tornados also were identified or suspected in southern Illinois,   northern Georgia, South Carolina, and Tennessee.
Severe thunderstorms hit in Arkansas,   Ohio, and Kentucky.
Peru, Indiana reported the heaviest rainfall.
Snow continued in the West and upper   Midwest.
Other storms, with   locally heavy rain, were scattered along the northern Atlantic Coast, which had been   experiencing unseasonably warm weather.
Cars were picked up and power lines started   snapping and arcing.
Witnesses said the area was reduced to   rubble by the tornado that hit between 4 and 4:30 p.m.  Electricity and telephones are   disrupted and only one television station is still broadcasting.
A tornado slammed into a shopping district, residential area, and school in Huntsville,   Alabama, on Wednesday, killing 15, injuring more than 300, and trapping people in cars   and homes.
Other tornados touched down in Alabama, and more   were reported in Georgia and North Carolina.
The twister hit down after 4 p.m.  Eyewitnesses report a   huge roar and enormous amounts of water.
Marilyn Quayle, wife of the Vice President, praised the heroism of the residents of   tornado-ravaged Huntsville, Alabama, when she visited on Saturday.
A large variation in   temperatures has made this front, the same one that hit the South and the Ohio valley   yesterday, extremely strong.
The   tornado struck with no real warning.
State emergency   officials estimate damages in excess of $100 million.
Alabama governor, Guy Hunt, has dispatched National Guard troops and   said rescue teams will search through the night.
Rescue teams continue to sift through the rubble and don't expect a final   casualty count until morning.
Federal aid was approved Friday for tornado-ravaged Huntsville, Alabama.
Telephones and electricity were disrupted and only one television   station continued broadcasting.
State and federal officials   promised to do whatever is necessary, even though national disaster funds are already   low because of the California earthquake and Hurricane Hugo.
A powerful storm system brought heavy thunderstorms, tornados, and strong winds to the   Northeast on Thursday.
