Iraq accused Kuwait of stealing oil   from wells along the Iraqi border.
The US announced US-UAE exercises in the Persian Gulf July 24th.
Iraqi President Saddam Hussain accused Kuwait and the UAE of flooding the oil market   and driving prices down, costing Iraq $14 billion.
Hussain refused to be intimidated and summoned the US ambassador for talks.
By July 31st,   Iraq had 100,000 troops on Kuwait's border.
Iraqi troops invaded Kuwait at 2am August 2nd.
Kuwait's UN   ambassador says Iraq's pretext for invading an independent, sovereign state is false and   flimsy.
Kuwait suggested Iraq was trying to write off its Iran-  Iraq War debts.
Iraqi   President Saddam Hussain said Kuwait was stealing oil and forcing down prices through   overproduction and Kuwaiti revolutionaries requested that Iraq invade, which Kuwait   denies.
Kuwait   and the UAE pledged to abide by an OPEC-agreed halt in overproduction.
Iraqi-Kuwaiti talks in Jidda collapsed   August 1st.
Kuwait asked for   US military intervention.
A US naval group was diverted to the Persian Gulf.
Iraq's deputy UN representative says Iraq has no objective concerning its invasion of   Kuwait and wishes only cordial relations with it.
Saddam boasts Iraq alone   staunched the tide of radical Islam.
Today an   Iraqi commercial flight carrying Japanese tourists and an Iraqi football team arrived in   Amman after being denied landing rights in Vienna.
200 Kuwaitis were killed or wounded,   including the emir's brother.
Iraq claimed it invaded at the   request of revolutionaries who staged a coup and established "the provisional government   of free Kuwait", which was dissolving Parliament and would hold future free elections.
Iran says the US planned it all and conspired with   Saddam to undermine the Islamic revolution.
The al-Sabah family has ruled Kuwait for 250 years.
Iraqi tank-led troops invaded Kuwait at 2am   August 2nd, and seized the palace and government buildings.
Iraq pulled   out of talks with Kuwait in Jidda August 1st.
Sheik al-Sabah fled to Saudi Arabia.
Some were bused back to Baghdad for further   interrogation.
Iranian newspapers rejoice that the world is waking up to Saddam Hussein, saying they   warned Frankenstein would torment his creators.
Iraq reacted by rounding up Britons, Americans and West Germans in Kuwait,   taking some to Iraq.
