Thunderstorms wreaked havoc across the middle Mississippi Valley and the Southeast on   Wednesday with lethal tornadoes, wind up to 100 mph and hail up to the size of   baseballs.
In southern Illinois, a woman was killed by a   falling tree, about 20 people were injured and power lines were down.
At least four tornadoes pounded the Huntsville, Alabama area, killing two   people and causing dozens of injuries.
Thunderstorms   swept eastward from Missouri and Arkansas.
Meanwhile, it snowed in the   north-central states while the east enjoyed unseasonably warm weather.
Other storm-struck places were in Georgia,   Ohio, Indiana, Tennessee, Kentucky and South Carolina.
On Wednesday, a deadly tornado slammed into Huntsville, Alabama.
In Huntsville, Ala., a tornado slammed into a shopping district, a residential area and a   school Wednesday, killing at least 14 people, injuring nearly 300 and trapping many   others in their cars and homes.
It smashed into a   shopping district, a residential area and a school, killing at least 15 people, injuring more   than 300 and trapping people in their cars and homes.
Over two days, a series of tornadoes and thunderstorms swept through fourteen states and   the District of Columbia causing death, injury and destruction.
There were reports of damage from strong thunderstorms   and gusty winds in eastern Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, eastern   Pennsylvania and eastern New York state.
Seven children died when a wall collapsed in a school   cafeteria near Newburgh, N.Y.
In Newburgh, N.Y., about 60 miles north of New   York City, a tree crushed through the roof of an elementary school killing seven children.
The most   serious damage occurred in Huntsville, Alabama where 17 people were killed, 463   injured and about 1,000 left homeless.
The same storm system that caused tornadoes in seven southern and midwestern states,   and was blamed for 17 deaths in Huntsville, Ala., has pushed north bringing floods and   destruction to the northeast.
Governor Guy Hunt said, "It may be tomorrow before we have a final count."
One witness said that it started picking up cars   and strewing them around... heavy overhead power lines started snapping just like a   whip.
A violent storm that spun tornadoes across the South and Midwest blew north Thursday,   knocking a school cafeteria wall down in upstate New York, killing seven children.
