Hurricane Gilbert is moving toward the Dominican Republic, where the residents of the   south coast, especially the Barahona Province, have been alerted to prepare for heavy   rains, and high winds and seas.
Tropical Storm Gilbert formed in the eastern Caribbean   and became a hurricane on Saturday night.
By 2 a.m. Sunday it was about 200 miles   southeast of Santo Domingo and moving westward at 15 mph with winds of 75 mph.
As many as 10 inches of rain were predicted for the   southern coast of the Dominican Republic, where flights have been cancelled.
The second hurricane of the   season, Florence, is now over the southern United States and downgraded to a tropical   storm.
Flooding is expected in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.
A hurricane warning   has been issued for the island.
Hurricane Gilbert is heading toward Jamaica with 100 mph winds.
Gilbert formed in the eastern Caribbean and became a hurricane Saturday night.
Gilbert, described as one of   the larger systems, has already caused some damage in Puerto Rico, the Dominican   Republic, Haiti, and Cuba.
Hurricane Gilbert hit Jamaica today with 110 mph winds and torrential rain, causing   serious damage in Kingston overnight.
The storm is gaining strength after passing Puerto   Rico, where there was coastal flooding and wind damage.
This exceptionally large system was about 425 miles east   of Kingston on Sunday afternoon.
The United States Navy reported its bases on Puerto Rico and at   Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, were not damaged by Gilbert as it moved through the central   Caribbean.
Hurricane Gilbert slammed into Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula on Wednesday.
The storm center is expected to hit land at   Clarendon parish, then move lengthwise across the island.
Clouds may form and the air mass starts spinning, moving heat to the upper   atmosphere.
Three people were reported   injured.
By Tuesday night it was an intense storm   with the lowest barometric pressure--26.13 inches--ever recorded.
The full force of Hurricane Gilbert slammed into Kingston, Jamaica, at noon on Monday.
It is now moving over the Yucatan toward the   Gulf of Mexico where warnings have been issued and ports and airports closed.
Scientists do know that budding storms need to be off the   equator and are fueled by winds converging where there is high moisture in the lower   atmosphere.
