America has the Pulitzer Prize for fiction and the National Book Awards but in terms of   excitement, hoopla, and man-on-the-street interests, there's nothing akin to the #15,000   ($26,000) Booker Prize.
It is intended to be the equivalent of France's Prix Goncourt.
Literary insiders bet on   which book will win the Booker Prize.
British fiction publishers each submit three new titles for a total of 93.
There is a team of judges, odds are given with reviews,   the list is narrowed to the top six, and the winner announced on the last Thursday in October.
The winning author receives a check for #20,000 ($38,000) sponsored by Booker, an   international food and agriculture business.
Carey was the   only non-Briton among the exceptionally strong competitors in the final six.
He was a finalist for the Booker Prize in 1986.
After hours of deliberation last night, the #20,000 Booker Prize for fiction, as it always has in its   26-year history, provoked controversy when it went to James Kelman for "How Late It Was,   How Late", the story of a Scottish lowlife narrated in Glaswegian dialect.
But critics say it's the final list, not   the controversy, which must have a final death blow to the Booker.
Book Trust, a charity promoting reading and books,   administers the prize.
Rushdie, a British citizen, has been hiding since February 14 when   the Iranian leader Khomeini ordered him killed for blaspheming Islam in "Satanic Verses".
The prize is no longer the   richest literary award but it guarantees great prestige and sales for the winner and brings the   novel to public attention.
The chairman of the Booker judges acknowledged heated deliberation.
There was some traditional controversy when it was revealed that an author whose novel had   made the longlist was actually the wife of a Booker judge.
Six novels have been nominated for the Booker Prize, Britain's most prestigious fiction award.
More interest in the award than ever before is expected because of last year's controversy over   Salmon Rushdie's "Satanic Verses".
The Booker Prize, Britain's literary event of the year is guaranteed to boost sales of the chosen   novel.
Australian novelist Peter Carey was awarded the Booker Prize for fiction Tuesday for his mid-  19th century Australian love story, "Oscar and Lucinda".
