The four-day Bernstein gala begins on August 25.
Tanglewood is also celebrating the   50th anniversary of its Music Shed.
Stars will attend the August 70th birthday bash for conductor Leonard Bernstein at the   Tanglewood Music Center, where he got his start.
Conductors who were mentored by Bernstein will direct the Boston   Symphony, the Boston Pops Orchestra, and the Tanglewood Festival Chorus.
Performers include Lauren Bacall, Betty Comden,   Phyllis Newman, Dame Gwyneth Jones, Frederica von Stade, and Barbara Hendricks.
Bernstein's   compositions will be honored by selections from "Kaddish", "Serenade", "On the Town",   and "West Side Story."
His son, Alexander, delivered an affectionate talk,   while Michael Wager, a very close friend at the end, spoke movingly about Bernstein's   final illness.
The shimmering performance, the 1,215th time   he conducted this orchestra, consisted of three Bernstein compositions--"Chichester   Psalms", a serenade, and a symphony.
Beverly Sills will be host and the resident Boston Pops Orchestra will play Bernstein's,   classical and popular masterpieces.
The New York Philharmonic began its Leonard Bernstein memorial concert series   tonight, four days after his death.
The Carnegie Hall concert included selections   from Bernstein's "Mass" and "Chichester Psalms."
Bernstein had been scheduled to conduct the   London Symphony Orchestra in four performances in Japan and appear with young   musicians during the Pacific Music Festival.
Tickets run from $20 to $5,000 to benefit the music center and Bernstein's fund for   young conductors.
The program closed with Marilyn Horne singing "Somewhere", the   emotional anthem from "West Side Story."
Leonard Bernstein returned to Carnegie Hall with the New York Philharmonic on   Monday, exactly 45 years after his triumphant conducting debut.
He was a member of the Tanglewood class of 1940.
A memorial   concert is also planned at Carnegie Hall on November 14.
Beverly Sills, Lauren Bacall, Betty Comden, and Phyllis Newman will appear at the   Leonard Bernstein Gala Birthday Performance in August.
Last Monday, KUSC-FM   devoted an entire day to broadcasting performances of Bernstein's compositions.
His whimsical "Candide"   and eclectic "Serenade", with soloist Glenn Dicterow, lightened the mourning mood.
He was a heavy smoker   and drinker with an uproarious, liberal, life style.
He describes his memory of the Renaissance man of music.
