According to   Academy spokesman Bob Werden, the Academy holds all rights on the statue and   reserves the right to buy back an Oscar before it is pawned.
MGM studios art director Cedric Gibbons created Oscar, the Academy of Motion   Pictures Arts and Sciences famous award, 60 years ago.
Owens   Co., the gold plated metal statue weighs 8 pounds and stands 13 inches tall.
Manufactured by the R.S.
What actress received the most Oscars?
Katherine Hepburn, 4.
"All About Eve" (1950) is the    most-nominated film (14).
Walter Brennan, 3.
Walt Disney   was the most-awarded person (32).
What actor received the most Oscars?
Since it began 60 years ago, the annual Academy Awards ceremony has generated a   wealth of statistics.
"Ben-Hur" (1959) is the most-awarded film (11).
"Ben-Hur" (1959), 11.
3. Who is the most nominated actress?
What film won the most Oscars?
Katherine Hepburn, 12.
The Walt Disney Co. filed a suit Thursday against the Academy of Motion Picture Arts   and Sciences, charging copyright infringement of its Snow White character.
4. Who is the most nominated actor?
Last year the Academy appeared to   make amends by presenting him with the Irving Thalberg award, an honorary award that   was also given to other overlooked giants such as Hitchcock and DeMille.
Here are several Oscar trivia questions, courtesy of the Academy of   Motion Picture Arts and Sciences:    1.
The latest casualties are directors   James L. Brooks, whose movie "Broadcast News" won seven major nominations,   including best picture, and Steven Spielberg whose movie "Empire of the Sun" received   six nominations.
The brightest moments of the 61st   Awards came from Billy Crystal, Robin Williams and Bob Hope, but they were too   brief..Other observations on the show:    Most heartfelt acceptance: Dustin Hoffman  Most intelligent acceptance: Jodie Foster  Warmest reception: Lucille Ball and Bob Hope  Least promising rock singer: Rob Lowe  Worst reader of teleprompter: Walter Matthau Oscar, one of the most recognizable images in the entertainment industry, has no   copyright protection, a federal judge has ruled.
Though Brooks has a Best Director trophy ("Terms of Endearment" (1984)), Spielberg   has never been recognized with the coveted award.
Spike Lee, in a lecture and question-and-answer session Monday at Syracuse University,   shrugged off the icy treatment of his latest movie by the Academy Award voters.
