The two-decker boat was in 12-30 feet of water 100 yards from   shore.
Strong currents and poor visibility hampered rescue efforts.
400 died, including 300 on the lower deck where women and children rode.
The trip is used by Hindu   pilgrims crossing the river to a shrine.
An overcrowded ferry without life jackets capsized Saturday morning in the monsoon-  swollen Ganges River.
Passengers protested when 150 wheat bags were loaded too.
Five   hundred thirty-five passengers were aboard the 35-year-old steam-powered ferry   designed to carry 160.
In July   1970, 150 died when a boat capsized in the Krishna River.
This was India's worst ferry accident ever.
The ferry carried double its authorized capacity of 100.
Another ferry on the   Meghna River, the M.V.
On September 22, another overloaded ferry   sank in the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region bordering Vietnam, killing 61.
Four hundred sixty-two are missing.
The passengers and   four crew members exceeded the ferry's capacity.
The ferry Salem Express, returning from Jiddah, sank off a Red Sea port Saturday night   when stormy seas tossed it into a coral reef.
US Navy aircraft helped search for 471 missing from the ferry Salem Express, which   sank Saturday night in shark-infested Red Sea waters.
An overcrowded ferry sank Wednesday night where the Ilisha, Tetulia, and Meghna   Rivers meet in southern Bangladesh.
The ferry took on water over the stern in heavy seas and   capsized when it was hit by a big wave.
Vicente Daudi, a 40-year-old Spanish citizen, was killed and two of his   daughters are missing.
People on the roof swam   to safety but 100 drowned, including most of those in the hull.
Fifty-nine people drowned Sunday afternoon when a  Caribbean passenger ferry sank   while being towed into port by a tugboat.
After   133 died July 21st, when a ferry capsized on the Min River in SW Sichuan Province, and    71 died July 25th, when a passenger boat sank on the Yangtze River, the Ministry of   Communications began investigating river vessel safety.
A ferry carrying 600 Somalis struck a reef and sank Friday off Kenya, near the tourist   resort of Malindi.
It went out of control while turning, in 22 feet of   water.
