An explosion at the southern England town of Deal leveled a two-story barracks at the   Royal Marines School of Music and seriously damaged many homes in the   neighborhood.
The band was playing at the time of the explosion and was trapped under   the wreckage.
Terrified neighbors, some of whom said the blast reminded them of the Blitz,   were just starting their day when the explosion occurred.
The blast, an act of the Irish Republican Army, left 11 dead and 22   injured.
An explosion at the Royal Marines School of Music in the southeastern coastal town of   Deal killed eight people and injured 30.
Britons expressed anger and concern over the lax security procedures at British bases   following the Friday IRA bombing at the Royal Marines Music School in Deal.
In   recent years, military targets on the British mainland have been attacked by the Irish   Republican Army as it seeks to rid Northern Ireland of British rule.
Homes were wrecked as roofs   were torn off, ceilings tumbled down and windows were blown out.
At the same time,   there were calls by the clergy for the people to help break the cycle of violence and   asking them to forgive the perpetrators.
The reason for the blast, which occurred at 8:26 a.m. in a lounge in the barracks is   not known but a forensic team from Scotland Yard's anti-terrorist squad had been called   in to help investigate.
Three men with   Irish accents who rented a house near the school just prior to the attack are being sought   for questioning.
The prince, husband of Queen Elizabeth   II and captain general of the Royal Marines made these remarks during a visit to the   injured men on Sunday.
The injured are suffering from injuries typical of an explosion.
Defense Secretary Tom King issued an alert to all military   installations to prevent other attacks while defending the use of private security firms at   the Music School and 29 other "low risk" military bases in Britain.
Up to 18 people were feared trapped in the   rubble.
The Irish Republican Army claimed responsibility for an explosion, which leveled a   military barracks and damaged nearby homes and left 11 people dead and 22 injured.
