A campaign at Northeastern University to award an honorary degree to South  African nationalist leader Nelson Mandela has been successful.
It was  necessary to change a university policy, which barred honorary degrees for  anyone who could not be present at the ceremony.
New York Governor Cuomo, New  Jersey Governor Florio, and New York Mayor Dinkins were lavish in their  praise.
South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu will accept the degree for Mandela.
Mandela was sentenced to life in prison 27 years ago for  conspiring to overthrow the South African apartheid government.
While in prison, Mandela contracted  tuberculosis but was treated and recovered.
Mandela's wife, Winnie, and several of his children,  grandchildren, a daughter-in-law and a great-grandson comprised the group.
Dinkins noted that many people hold  Mandela in very high esteem and that he is "an international symbol of  freedom".
He was often arrested by the South African government and finally received a  life sentence in 1964 for sabotage and conspiracy.
Mandela was celebrated outside South Africa on his 70th birthday but South  Africa banned local celebrations.
The African National Congress representative in Canada said that the South  African government may release 70-year old Nelson Mandela from prison on  November 15th.
Nelson Mandela joined the African National Congress in 1944 at age 26 and  became active in black protests and civil disobedience to fight apartheid.
Nelson Mandela has accused  security forces of manipulating violence to derail government efforts to end  apartheid, promised by President deKlerk.
Some optimism remains, however, since most South  Africans have reacted calmly and fairly.
A large family group was permitted to visit Nelson Mandela in prison on his  71st birthday.
Mandela was  transferred from prison to a hospital three months for treatment of  tuberculosis.
New York City mayor Dinkins warned Jewish group not to protest the coming  visit of Nelson Mandela to the city.
Mandela is imprisoned in  South Africa and the white-minority government will free him only if he  renounces the use of violence by forces seeking political power for blacks.
Mandela refused.
Mandela has  spent his moral capital attempting to end the murderous conflict between  black political factions.
The only remaining hitch is getting Mandela family approval, which has not  yet been received.
Radical opponents in the  ANC will use Winnie's conviction to arouse members against Mandela's policy  of peace and negotiation.
