John Onoda, a spokesman at McDonald's Oak Brook, Ill., headquarters said the first of   the chain's outlets in a communist country will open on March 24th.
The next scheduled   opening in a communist country will occur by the end of the year in Budapest, Hungary.
McDonald's negotiations with the Soviet Union over many years have not been fruitful.
The success of the   American restaurant will depend on its acceptance by Yugoslavians who are long   accustomed to eating the hamburger like pljeskavica which is made of pork and onions,   served on bread and eaten with the hands, much like a hamburger.
This, its first outlet in a communist country, has 350   seats, employs 110 people and is capable of serving 2,500 meals per hour.
Communism suffered its first Big Mac attack Thursday as McDonald's opened a   restaurant in Belgrade, Yugoslavia.
In a change to Yugoslav eating customs,   McDonalds will not serve alcohol or allow smoking, nor allow customers to linger long   after their meal is finished.
Starting modestly, their strategy is to open three outlets this year   and five each year thereafter.
Police kept an   eye on eager customers who waited in line for hours to get in.
McDonald's will open its first outlets in Korea through a 50-50 joint venture, McAhn   Industries Ltd., founded with Harvard trained accountant-turned-entrepreneur, Mr. Ahn   Hyo Young.
The McDonald's   hamburgers, fries and shakes will compete with a local favorite fast-food dish, the   pljeskavica, ground pork and onions on a bun.
This is the first of twenty McDonald's planned for the Soviet Union.
However, although the first Moscow McDonald's restaurant is the world's   busiest, the plunging rouble, high inflation and constantly changing tax rules have been a   challenge to McDonald's management.
McAhn struggled to overcome government red tape and to find reliable   local produce suppliers.
Hundreds lined up for the long-awaited grand opening of McDonald's on Moscow's   Pushkin Square.
South Korea has Asia's fastest growing economy.
Currently they face competition from Wendy's, Burger King and   homegrown burger chains.
Generally accustomed to clerks who   snarl, Muscovites got a first-hand look at efficient, fast and friendly service.
McDonald's first Soviet Union restaurant seats 700, has 27 cash registers and served   30,000 people on its opening day.
