Tests of the growth showed it to contain some "malignant but well  differentiated cells".
Preliminary biopsy showed the polyp to be benign.
Former Senator John Tower, the defense secretary-designate had surgery for  removal of a colon polyp.
The ex-senator is expected to make a full recovery.
Tower went into business as a defense consultant after he left the Senate in  1985, having served there for 24 years.
President-elect Bush named Tower as his defense  secretary on December 16th.
Paul Weyrich, president of the conservative Free Congress Foundation  testified at the Senate Armed Services Committee that John Tower's behavior  makes him unfit to lead the Pentagon.
He has also served as an arms  negotiator for President Reagan and he headed the White House's Iran-contra  investigative panel.
When it appeared certain that Tower would be defeated, he  declined to withdraw and fought on saying that to withdraw would tarnish  Bush's judgement.
The  rejection came after a bitter debate that focused on Tower's drinking  habits, womanizing, and business dealings with defense contractors.
The Senate panel weighing John Tower's nomination for defense secretary has  found a substantial discrepancy in his description of his business dealings  with British Aerospace.
Before this testimony, members of the committee and witnesses  had praise for the former senator.
The FBI is looking into new charges about  Tower's alleged drinking, womanizing, and receipt of campaign contributions.
The New York Post reported that the FBI was lax in investigating incidents  involving Tower, particularly one in a Dallas hotel wherein he was in "no  condition to free himself" from an armchair fire.
A Wall Street Journal editorial notes that with John Tower's qualifications  for Defense Secretary "intelligence, patriotism, and past chairmanship of  the Armed Services Committee" he should have sailed through confirmation.
Defense Secretary-designate John Tower's testimony to the Senate Armed  Services Committee that his work for a British firm did not involve military  matters contradicts a sworn statement he made earlier in a divorce  deposition.
Senators Nunn and Warner have asked the White House if  allegations against Tower have been investigated by the FBI.
An unnamed source stated that  Combest once said Tower would drink as much as a full bottle of scotch two  or three times a week.
The FBI is checking allegations that defense secretary-designee John Tower  was recently involved in an episode of public drunkenness.
