It occurred in an area of Iran   where most of the buildings are on a flood plain of loosely deposited soil that shifts and   allows structures to collapse.
The earthquake that struck northern Iran on Thursday killing about 25,000 people   registered 7.7 on the Richter scale.
Many of the victims lived in fragile homes built of a   ceramic-type brick or adobe that collapses easily and the quake occurred just after   midnight, so most people were inside asleep when it hit.
The earthquake that hit Iran early Thursday exacted particularly large casualties   because people were asleep in fragile homes built on a flood plain of  loosely deposited   soil that shifts in an earthquake.
The quake of 7.7 magnitude was the largest ever   recorded in that area where two major plates of the earth's crust meet.
Shahin Gobadi, spokesman for the People's Mojahedin of Iran, claims that the Islamic   Republic of Iran is purposely underreporting the number of casualties from Thursday's   massive earthquake (7.3-7.7 on the Richter scale) out of a fear of  political backlash.
The government is unable to properly assist earthquake victims, he   said, because it "has devoted all of its resources to a senseless war with Iraq and to   oppression of the people at home."
Iranian President Hashemi Rafsanjani has appealed   for international aid and the American Red Cross has mobilized its local offices to raise   funds for earthquake relief.
The Iranian community of Orange County, California launched an effort Sunday to   collect half a million dollars in money, medicine, tents, blankets and sleeping bags for   hundreds of thousands of injured and homeless victims of the earthquake in   northwestern Iran.
The paper called on Iranians to   reject relief offers by the U.S. and "other governments whose hands are stained with   the blood of the Iranian people."
The quake hit northern   Iran early Thursday, leaving 29,000 dead by the latest count, but the toll is expected to   rise.
Americans who rushed to donate earthquake relief funds for the Armenian earthquake   18 months ago are responding more slowly to last week's earthquake in Iran.
Speaking before a rally today across the street from the White House in Washington,   Gobadi claimed that while Iran has reported 36,000 dead, he has received estimates   closer to 100,000.
