Hugo, a category 4 hurricane, struck South Carolina Thursday and officials hoped   precautions were sufficient.
As Hugo approached, roads and resort towns from Hilton   Head to Myrtle Beach were nearly empty as coastal residents fled inland and crowded   into shelters.
Three hours later the 10-mile   eye of the storm passed just east of Charleston, with top winds of 135 mph.
Hurricane-force winds first hit land at 9:15pm.
Hugo was expected to turn north, cause severe flooding, and bring tornadoes.
Hurricane Hugo started as a tropical wave off Africa on Sept. 11th, was named tropical   storm Hugo with 39mph winds on Sep 12th, and became a hurricane with 74mph winds   on Sep 13th.
The worst natural disaster to hit Charleston occurred Aug 31, 1886,   when an earthquake measuring 7.7 on the Richter scale claimed 110 lives, destroyed 102   buildings, and tossed most of the city's chimneys into the streets.
Hurricane tracking remains an uncertain science, but forecasters' predictions of Hugo's   destructive path gave people time to flee South Carolina's coast.
119-mph   winds in Charleston brought down power lines, snapped trees, exploded utility   transformers, and littered the street with tin roofs.
Hurricane Hugo raged into Charleston Thursday night packing 135-mph winds.
Air Force reconnaissance   planes flying into the storm still provide important data about wind speed and   temperatures.
Hugo demonstrated the   effect of warm water when its winds jumped from 105 to 135mph as it passed over the   Gulf Stream.
On Sep 17th   it damaged Guadeloupe, Montserrat, Antigua, St. Kitts, and the Virgin Islands, where St.   Thomas and St. Croix were worst hit.
Officials worried that Charlestonians wouldn't   heed warnings about Hugo since there had been so many false alarms.
Director Bob Sheets    appeared on TV all week and credited the ever-present but bothersome media with   getting the word out.
Payments in North Carolina and Virginia will bring the total   to $500 million, more than three times its 1983 record payout of $165 million for   Hurricane Alicia.
Cigna Corp.'s third-quarter per-share earnings could drop   50-65 cents a share.
Last   year's Gilbert, with winds reaching 180mph, is the most powerful hurricane recorded and   seems the upper limit with current ocean temperatures.
