Mount Pinatubo erupted Sunday, the first eruption in over 600 years, shooting out gases,   rock and ash.
Eruptions continued today, leaving the mountain enshrouded in thick gray   clouds that rose to 12,000 feet.
It had recently shown signs of activity, and Philippine   scientists now say a catastrophe is possible.
Rain last night raised the additional fear of   mudslides.
Clark Air Force Base, one of the largest U.S. installations overseas, is ten miles from the   mountain.
Most airmen, dependents and civilian employees were evacuated to the U.S. Five scientists of the United States Geological Survey, now located in a bunker 12 miles   east of Mt.
Pinatubo, are among the few still at Clark Air Base after the base was   evacuated Monday in the wake of Pinatubo's eruption.
Naval Base at Subic Bay, 50 miles from Clark.
Friday's blasts were part of the same eruption, the largest since Pinatubo awoke   Sunday from a 600-year slumber.
Pinatubo today, with the first coming at 8:40 A.M. A huge   plume of ash rose from the mountain.
Wednesday's eruptions caused U.S. officials to order further evacuations from Clark Air   Base.
Pinatubo late Wednesday and early today.
An aerial gunnery range at Clark Air Base was covered   with ash.
Pinatubo Friday, spreading ash over Clark, and as far away as   Manila.
The volcano may already have done its worst, but a Geological Survey spokesman in   California says the volcano's activity is increasing in a way that suggests a massive   eruption is imminent.
A massive eruption could cause searing avalanches that would   completely cover Clark.
Philippine President Aquino dismissed as a fabrication a report that said   she had been warned volcanic damage could case a nuclear incident at Clark.
About 3,000 tribesmen scampered for safety with   their belongings and livestock.
Those left behind to guard the base and service sensitive communications   equipment when most left Monday were told to leave.
Six eruptions rocked Mt.
Heavy   rain increased the threat of mudslides.
Philippine Civil Defense officials evacuated more than 19,000 from villages within a 12-   mile radius of Pinatubo.
One eruption was so strong that it sent   seismograph needles off the chart.
In that case, even personnel caught in a cloud of ash would   perish.
