Former President Reagan had nothing but praise for British Prime Minster Margaret   Thatcher on the eve of her retirement.
Reagan and Thatcher were staunch allies.
Reagan, in turn supported Mrs. Thatcher during Great   Britain's war with Argentina over the Falkland Islands, choosing to side with one ally,   Great Britain, against another ally, Argentina.
Mrs. Thatcher believes that the presence of nuclear weapons   deters war.
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's resignation on Thursday drew mixed reaction from   world leaders.
The prime minister, dubbed the Iron Lady,   succumbed to the challenge mounted by her former defense minister, Michael Heseltine.
Her support was especially valuable when Mrs.   Thatcher was the only ally who supported the U.S. bombing of Libya and allowed U.S.   bombers to fly from British bases.
Mrs. Thatcher has   served longer than any other prime minister of the 20th Century.
Should her former defense minister, Michael   Heseltine, succeed in taking control of the part from Thatcher, she would have to give up   the prime minister's job, a position she has held since 1979.
Although she shared a special relationship with former President   Reagan, relations with President Bush were cool at first, warming gradually as the two   found common ground.
Margaret Thatcher broke the mold in English politics when she became that country's   first woman Prime Minister.
The award follows quickly on the heels of Mrs. Thatcher's resignation as   prime minister.
British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's future will be decided today in a crucial first   vote of Tory Members of Parliament.
If someone was to beat Heseltine, it   wouldn't be Margaret Thatcher.
During the   British clash with Argentina, the United States was forced to choose between two allies.
Argentina criticized her position during the war over the Falkland   Islands as extreme while Iraq, which rejoiced at her resignation, citing her position during   the Persian Gulf Crisis as causing her downfall.
He will be formally   addressed as Sir Denis and his wife as Lady Thatcher, although she insists she wishes to   be known simply as Mrs. Thatcher.
If the Conservatives win   the next election, Mrs. Thatcher is expected to step down before the end of her term,   paving the ay for her successor.
