He has received nearly 22 pints of blood   since his illness worsened Sept. 19.
Over several hours on Thursday Emperor Hirohito's blood pressure fell from 132 over 60   to 112 over 50 and his pulse dropped from 104 per minute to 84, according to Imperial   Household Agency spokesman Kenji Maeda.
Maeda said the emperor's blood pressure   has returned to its normal level, but that the intestinal hemorrhaging that began a month   ago resumed Thursday and the pace of the discharges was quickening.
Emperor Hirohito's condition weakened Friday, but doctors speculated that a scab had   stopped internal bleeding, said Imperial Household Agency spokesman Kenji Maeda.
A palace source said he gets 600-700 calories a day,   intravenously.
The South Korean President sent his condolences, but a government party statement   added, "We reserve further comment..." Japan forcibly annexed the peninsula in 1910   and ruled until the end of WW II.
Hirohito, 87, has been bedridden for a month.
Though many world leaders mourned the death of Emperor Hirohito on Saturday, painful   WW II memories still generated criticism of the Japanese monarch.
News reports quoted Maeda as saying Hirohito, 87, normally weighs104 pounds, but now   weighs only 66 pounds.
In a letter to the editor published Sunday Steve Hu wrote, "...before the war he [Hirohito]   was regarded as god and was worshipped in Japan with religious vigor.
Hirohito has suffered repeated bouts of bleeding but has not discharged blood in nine   days.
Taiwan will be represented at the funeral, but a Taiwanese newspaper said, "While   Hirohito apologized to the United States and Europe, he did not direct a single word to   China to show his sorrow."
In Japan, Emperor Hirohito was simply called Tenno Heika, meaning His Majesty The   Emperor.
South Korea sent condolences, but a government party statement added, "We reserve   further comment, considering the unhappy past."
Since Sept. 19, when he was confined to intensive care after vomiting blood, Hirohito has   received 42 pints of blood.
President Truman, the show claims, decided not to prosecute Hirohito for   war crimes, and Japan's wartime prime minister, Gen. Tojo, was pressured into changing   his testimony so the emperor would not be incriminated.
It means Enlightened Peace, and has been succeeded   by Heisei, or Achieving Peace, the name the government chose for the reign of Hirohito's   son Akihito a few hours after the emperor died on Jan. 7.
