Thomas, of San Jose, Calif., the first black to win a U.S. figure skating crown   and the 1986 world champion, skated poorly Saturday after doing well earlier in the   games.
The United States' Debi Thomas' dream of Olympic gold crumbled Saturday as East   Germany's Katarina Witt won her second straight Olympic championship and Canadian   Elizabeth Manley took home the silver.
Brian Boitano of the U.S. won the men's figure skating crown.
The Olympics wrapped up Sunday evening with a rousing closing ceremony in Calgary's   McMahon Stadium.
In the pairs   competition, a bronze went to a U.S. team.
Thomas won the bronze despite three faulty   landings.
The U.S. also captured three speed-skating   medals, a gold, silver and bronze.
America's bobsled team missed a bronze   medal by .02 seconds.
By scoring 396 of a possible 400 points, it helped earn him a gold   medal, which he did by scoring 1,275.9 out of a possible 1,309 for all three positions -   kneeling, standing and prone.
The best America could do was six medals, its worst Winter Games   showing in 52 years.
In 1936, America won just four medals, but only 51 were available   then.
The Soviets finished first in both number of gold medals, 11, and   in total medals with a record 29.
The   games occurred halfway around the world, TV coverage was rated poor, no heroes - the   Soviets trounced U.S. competitors and drug scandals cast a pall over the Games.
In tonight's Barcelona Olympics, the four relay finals will dominate the athletics.
Dave Johnson of the United States clinched the decathlon gold medal in the final event at   the World University Games on Sunday.
Also   tonight, Carl Lewis will pursue his eight Olympic gold.
A big Olympic negative was the stripping of the   gold medal from Canadian sprinter Ben Johnson because of drug use.
East Germany's athletes won nine golds, 25 overall;    while Switzerland's team came in third in both gold, five, and overall with 15.
Louganis won his second pair of gold medals after striking his on a springboard, which   opened a cut requiring five stitches.
He is one of five Africans striving to   increase their continent's current tally of three medals.
