The countdown began Saturday for launching of Space Shuttle Discovery on its mission   of hoisting the Hubble Space Telescope (HST) into orbit above the earth's atmosphere.
The $1.5 billion telescope is expected   to start providing significant scientific data in a month or two.
It may   help test the theory arising from the work of Edwin P. Hubble, for whom it is named,   that the ever expanding universe was created by a tremendous explosion some 15   billion years ago.
HST is considered to be   the greatest advance in astronomy since Galileo first used a telescope in 1609.
Launch is scheduled for 8:31 a.m. EDT Tuesday.
The   telescope's 10-foot aperture door is to be opened Friday exposing the finely polished   94.5-inch mirror to starlight.
Six hours after a failed attempt, ground controllers re-established contact Thursday with   the Hubble Space Telescope (HST) through its main antennas.
Engineers got the gyroscopes back on line, but   there were still problems with linking the high-speed dish antennas with a relay satellite   so the planned release on Tuesday of HST's first test image has been delayed.
On Tuesday NASA plans to release its   first test image.
After years of delay and a last-minute snag, the Hubble Space Telescope (HST) was   freed from the shuttle Discovery at 3:38 p.m. EDT on Wednesday and placed in orbit   380 miles above the earth, 70 miles higher than any shuttle has previously flown.
NASA expects its first image from the telescope on   Tuesday.
Discovery's astronauts sent the Hubble Space Telescope (HST) floating free from the   shuttle today and it began orbiting Earth every 97.3 minutes at an altitude of 380 miles.
The Hubble Space Telescope (HST) orbited with its lens cover open Friday, but its   electronics were shut down due to a malfunction.
Ground controllers had difficulty unfurling two 39-foot solar panels which provide the   power to recharge the telescope's batteries but succeeded on a third try.
The Discovery crew deployed the Hubble Space Telescope (HST) on Wednesday but   stayed nearby in case there was trouble opening the aperture door.
With the HST you could see a firefly in Australia from   Washington."
When the door opened, however, two of HST's four position-  stabilizing gyroscopes stopped working.
