A row has erupted between the Bombay stock exchange and the Securities and Exchange   Board of India (SEBI) over its first inspection of the stockbrokers' books.
SEBI accused   the brokers of ignoring rules and authorities of failing to enforce rules and of poor   administration.
The exchange denied the charges and called SEBI heavy handed and   inflexible.
This is just the latest in a series of disputes between SEBI--backed by the   finance minister--and brokers.
The stock market has fallen 48 percent since early last year including   dropping 320 points after the Indian budget was announced.
The devices, mostly car bombs, appeared to be a   systematic attack on India's commercial heart.
More than a dozen bombs exploded yesterday afternoon in Bombay, killing about 200   and injuring more than a 1,000.
Targets included the Bombay Stock   Exchange, Air India building, a shopping complex, and two hotels near the airport.
The streets of Bombay are calm, as rubble is being cleared and   stock exchange authorities prepare to resume trading.
The   identity of the bombers is unknown, but the goal appears to be renewing communal strife   and undermining government efforts to attract foreign investment and tourism.
A militant Sikh group has claimed responsibility for the Bombay blasts but   police remain unconvinced, saying a foreign group was involved.
Bombayites are asking who is responsible for the explosions that rocked the city on   Friday afternoon killing at least 255 and injuring over 1,200.
The Bombay Stock Exchange, hit by two bombs last Friday, reopened Monday with very   limited trading.
All roads into Bombay are blocked and the army is on alert.
India is still recovering from violence that   followed the destruction of a mosque in northern India.
Bullish speculation over an expected tax cut ended in disappointment when the Indian   budget was released, cutting short-term capital gains taxes only for expatriate Indians and   foreign investors.
Terror struck India again last night when an explosion destroyed two blocks of   apartments in the center of Calcutta.
Many suspect Moslem extremists, taking revenge for the destruction   of the Ayodhya mosque, are to blame.
Many fear these bomb   attacks are designed to renew communal strife and undermine government efforts to   attract foreign investment and tourism.
