The major earthquake that struck the San Francisco Bay area Tuesday occurred in a region   targeted from previous studies by seismologists as having the highest probability of a strong   quake in North California.
The quake's magnitude as 6.9 on the Richter scale and centered in the   Santa Cruz, CA area 75 miles south of San Francisco.
It could serve as an engineering study for any possible damage in the Los   Angles region, which has similar construction and a higher probability of a major quake   occurring.
Initial reports indicated widespread damage from the quake, especially affecting highways and   old masonry buildings.
A major fire was burning in San Francisco's Marina District.
A violent earthquake registering 6.9 on the Richter scale rocked Northern California Tuesday at   5:04 pm.
One report said the quake was centered near Hollister, 80 miles southeast of San   Francisco in San Benito County.
A building and a bridge in downtown Hollister   collapsed.
A section of both the San Francisco Bridge   and the Oakland-San Francisco Bridge collapsed.
One section of the San Francisco Bay Bridge collapsed.
Ever since the 1906 earthquake devastated San Francisco, many scientists believed the next "big   one" would strike the Los Angles area.
Charleston, however, in contrast   to San Francisco, could quickly assess structural damage and it lost no major economic area such   as the Bay Bridge.
Tuesday's earthquake, the strongest on the San Andreas fault since the 1906 San Francisco   quake, came in a place scientists identified in 1988 as the most likely in Northern California   within the next 30 years.
Phones and power were   knocked out.
Their studies gave various interpretations of how much   stress was released by the 1906 earthquake (magnitude 8.3).
The extent of the damage was not immediately clear.
Pressure was probably building up in the neighboring southern   segment of the San Andreas, which had not slipped as much since 1906.
A California Safety Commissioner said, "I've been wandering around San Francisco and it's like   the blind man trying to feel an elephant.
The 6.9 quake   Tuesday confirmed the USGS study.
Israel and France offered search teams, and Osaka, Japan sent $10,000   in cash.
In smaller buildings, contractors make sure that vertical forces--such as snow and   ice--cannot force a collapse.
