The company's loss  adjustors guess that losses to all insurers might exceed $8 billion.
General Accident (GA), the leading British insurer, estimated yesterday that its losses  from Hurricane Andrew might reach $40 million; however, GA has only a half-percent  share of the Florida market and the estimate is based on the assumption that GA's catastrophe insurance would be triggered by the extensive claims.
Other insurers have  estimated that losses from the storm that hit Florida and Louisiana might be anywhere  from $1 billion to $20 billion.
Most of the  insurance claims from damage in Florida and Louisiana will be filed with State Farm,  Allstate, and American International Group insurance companies.
Hurricane Andrew hit southern Florida Monday morning, was moving north-west across  the Gulf of Mexico yesterday, and now threatens New Orleans and the coast from  Mississippi to Texas.
After hitting Louisiana  with winds up to 120 miles per hour, Andrew lost force and by yesterday afternoon was  down-graded to a tropical storm.
Most of the  damage from the dollar crisis came a week ago Friday and the following Monday when  bond yields jumped sharply and the Dow Jones average dropped by more than 75  points.
Across Florida 2 million people were without electricity yesterday.
At this time no one is certain of the extent of losses.
The stocks of insurance  companies with the greatest exposure in southern Florida tumbled while those of home  construction companies showed sharp gains.
Hurricane Andrew, which killed 15 people and left a quarter of a million people  homeless in south Florida, hit sparsely populated farming communities and swampland  in Louisiana killing two people and injuring less than 100.
The government estimated it would cost $20 billion to $30  billion to rebuild in Florida and care for those displaced by the storm.
Early reports indicate one death, 75 injuries, and  thousands homeless in Louisiana after 14 deaths in Florida and three in the Bahamas.
There was more than  $15 billion property damage in Florida, but most of it was to uninsured property, so  insurers' losses are likely to total less than $1 billion.
Last night U.S. cities along the Gulf of Mexico from Alabama to eastern Texas were on  storm watch for Hurricane Andrew which early yesterday caused at least eight deaths  and heavy property damage in southern Florida.
