Lilley, 60, was CIA station chief in China when Bush headed the US liaison office there   in 1974-75.
President Bush is nominating former CIA officer James R. Lilley as ambassador to   China, to replace Winston Lord, who has headed the embassy in Beijing since 1985.
He was born in China, the son of an American oilman.
For the last three years, Lilley has been ambassador to South Korea and hoped to   become assistant secretary of state for US policy in East Asia.
He served on the NSC   staff, headed the US office in Taiwan, and was deputy assistant secretary of state for East   Asia.
In confirmation hearings,   he pledged to enhance Jordan's role in the peace process and attend to Jordanian stability,   human rights, compliance with sanctions against Iraq, termination of the boycott of   companies doing business with Israel, anti-terrorism efforts, and investment potential  in   Jordan.
Mexican leftists criticize the appointment but it is expected to be accepted.
Negroponte was most recently a deputy to Reagan's   last national security adviser, Lt. Gen. Colin Powell; and was an aide to adviser Henry   Kissinger during the Vietnam war.
The Bush administration, eager to have an ambassador in Nicaragua now that Violeta   Chamorro has taken over after 11 years of Sandinista rule, is expected to name career   diplomat Harry Shlaudeman to the post.
Rejection   would be an unusual diplomatic slap.
President Bush's nominee for ambassador to Mexico is  28-year Foreign Service veteran   John D. Negroponte, who as ambassador to Honduras from 1981-1985, helped direct CIA   aid to Nicaraguan rebels.
President Bush plans to name UN Ambassador Thomas Pickering as US envoy to India.
Hinton replaces Arthur Davis, recalled last May in protest when Noriega stole   Panamanian elections, and sent back after the December invasion and president Endara's   installation.
Other ambassadorial   nominees rated as unqualified include Joseph Zappala (Spain), Melvin Semble   (Australia), and Della Newman (New Zealand).
Ambassadorial nominations   approved routinely were Shirley Temple Black to Czechoslovakia, Thomas Melady to the   Vatican,  Keith Brown to Denmark, and Joseph Gildenhorn to Switzerland.
As of Tuesday, veteran US diplomat Ronald Spiers will be the new undersecretary-  general for General Assembly affairs, the top-ranking American post at the UN.
