Fighting between police and Moslem separatists in Srinagar, the summer  capital of the Jammu-Kashmir state killed at least 21 and wounded 100.
Heavy rains caused  fighting to taper off but the situation remains tense and dangerous.
However, crowds defied the curfew.
An intelligence officer in Srinagar in Kashmir told his men to shoot any of  the die-hard terrorists they spot as their jeep patrols the streets of this  city of one million people.
Indian border guards fired on hundreds of Pakistanis who tried to cross a  cease-fire line separating the Pakistan-controlled part of Kashmir from that  held by India.
The governor of Jammu-Kashmir said that "a  handful of terrorists" are creating a law and order problem, which led to a  government crackdown.
Another sign of increased tensions: Pakistani and Indian  officers no longer accompany United Nations' military observers when  crossing the borders.
Police had imposed a 24-hour curfew to quell the violence resulting from the  militants, led by the Jammu-Kashmir Liberation Front, holding anti-India  demonstrations.
Most of the population of Kashmir is  Moslem while Jammu is predominately Hindu.
Despite tensions in the area, both countries downplayed the  incidents as being localized and not serious.
A fluid 840-mile cease-fire line separates  the Indian and Pakistan parts of Kashmir.
The troops clashed in a  remote border area in Kashmir.
At  least 171 people have been killed in the violence since January 20th.
The announcement of federal rule  was made in the belief that the state was too unstable for elected  government.
Pakistan denies this claim.
Soldiers and police prevented the procession and took Wani's body to a  burial ground in a government ambulance.
Moslem militants armed with AK-47 rifles killed two unarmed paramilitary  soldiers on Thursday.
A militant ambush of an army convoy killed  one soldier and wounded three others.
Pakistan denies training  and arming the militants but it does support separatism, terming it a fight  for self-determination.
At least 233 have now been killed  since January 20th when police launched a crackdown on violence by Moslem  separatists.
In other incidents, militants killed a Moslem said to be a  police informer and another died when caught in exchange of gunfire between  militants and security forces.
The latest round of secessionist violence and government crackdown has  resulted in 109 persons killed.
