Today in a moving ceremony  Checkpoint Charlie, the Berlin Wall border post, was  hoisted by crane onto a flatbed truck to be taken to a museum.
Checkpoint Charlie,  constructed after the erection of the Berlin Wall in 1961, was a symbol of the Cold War.
Shevardnadze also  remarked at a ceremony for the removal of Checkpoint Charlie that all western troops  should be removed from "greater Berlin" within six months after unification, a provision  which apparently would also apply to Soviet troops just outside the city proper.
Today at an elaborate ceremony that brought together top diplomats of the two  Germanys and the four World War II allies, a crane removed Checkpoint Charlie,  symbol of a divided world.
British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd and Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard A.  Shevardnadze praised the end of a legacy of confrontation which had required the  checkpoint.
Checkpoint Charlie, the allied border crossing by the Berlin Wall, will be hauled away  Friday.
Former West German Chancellor Willy Brandt, who as mayor of West  Berlin had challenged erection of the wall in the early 1960's, was also in attendance.
The German and allied foreign ministers are meeting in East  Berlin to discuss the status of the city and U.S. officials decided this was a good time to  remove Checkpoint Charlie.
Now with the wall being dismantled daily in anticipation  of German unification, U.S. officials decided to remove Checkpoint Charlie with a grand  flourish.
The public was not invited to the ceremony but many Berliners viewed it  from nearby, reliving memories of attempted escapes through the checkpoint that went  up with the Berlin Wall in 1961.
Soviet Foreign Minister Shevardnadze proposed today that a united Germany be  allowed to join NATO after a five-year period during which all Soviet and U.S. troops  would leave the country.
Berliners witnessed the ceremony from nearby buildings recounting memories of   attempts to escape from East Berlin through the checkpoint.
On Friday a crane lifted Checkpoint Charlie, the Allied border crossing on the west side  of the Berlin Wall, and placed it on a flatbed truck.
A huge crane hangs over the guardhouse where a sign in English, German,  Russian, and French says, "You are now leaving the American sector."
Hundreds of excited Berliners leaned from balconies and windows to cheer.
