Yesterday six villages and one fishing   ground at Yulushan township were flooded.
The Changsha city government asked all flood threatened residents to evacuate.
The Xiangijiang River, swollen by rainstorms to a record level of 38.93 m, has flooded   China's Hunan province capital city, Changsha.
Nineteen dykes in the Changsha area have   collapsed.
Over 500,000 soldiers and local residents are helping to fight the floods.
By early   today, roads and bridge surfaces in Changsha's Wangyuehu district and some city streets   were inundated.
The Changsha city committee of the Communist Party urges the people to unite as one in   battling the floods.
Flooding continues to be a serious problem in Guangdong, Hunan and Jiangxi Provinces   and in the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region.
They extended warm greetings to the soldiers, police officers and public security police   who are battling the floods and gave important directives.
Jiang Zemin, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee Political Bureau and   chairman of the Central Military Commission, and Li Peng, premier of the State Council,   have expressed their deep concern for the people in the flooded areas of Guangdong   Province, particularly those in the Zhu Jiang valley.
In Guangdong Province, the Beijiang River was at 14.72 meters, about 4.22 meters above   the danger mark, late yesterday, and the flood peak on the Xijiang River was reached   today.
Yesterday, urban and suburban areas of Guangxi's Wuzhou city were flooded by the   Xunjiang River.
Flooding in Hunan Province's Changsha from the Xiangjiang River has affected more the   300,000 residents and closed more the 400 factories and 5,000 shops.
The flood peak in Gan Jiang entered Boyang Lake on 20 June.
Under the leadership of the   Guangdong provincial party committee and government, the Guangdong army and   people should go all out to provide disaster relief and to battle the floods.
He also stressed that the current flooding has   revealed problems in the construction of water conservancy facilities and urban flood   control.
After inspecting Zhuzhou and Xiangtan flood areas, Comrade Wen Jiabao (CPC Central   Committee Secretariat member) commended the work in the two cities and issued   important instructions.
Yesterday, Hunan Province officials, Party Committee Secretary Maolin, Governor Chen   Bangzhu and others, traveled to Changshayan to survey the flooding around Changsha.
