Honecker had been   suffering from liver cancer.
Erich Honecker, the former head of East Germany, died on 29 May 1994 in Santiago   Chile.
Egon Krenz, the successor and former   Politburo member Guenter Schabowski gave their versions of the bunker mentality that   engulfed Honecker.
The 81-year-old Honecker and his wife Margot Honecker, had been living with   their daughter in Santiago, since his release from prison in 1993.
It was not   known if Honecker had left a will or where the funeral would be held.
Honecker's lawyer, Nicolas Becker said that while he had   refused an operation, Honecker had done everything sensible in regard to treatment.
Both Lutheran and Catholic churches have offered Honecker refuge.
As protests gathered strength in the fall of 1989, East Germany's longtime orthodox   leader, Erich Honecker "lost touch with reality" according to the man who succeeded him   as Communist leader only to be ousted later.
Honecker 77, ruled  East Germany for 19 years   until he was ousted in October 1989 as a wave of pro-democracy demonstrations led to a   peaceful overthrow of the Communist government.
Krenz, who was thrown out 6 weeks after succeeding Honecker, said   he knew nothing about any orders to shoot demonstrators.
But speculation   lingers that German politicians have little interest in trying a man who may possess   embarrassing secrets.
Earlier this month, East German prosecutors said Honecker   and former state security chief Erich Mielke would be charged with treason and   corruption for misuse of their positions and state funds.
Honecker and seven others are   charged with corruption and abuse of office.
Gorbachev did not exclude the possibility that Honecker would   leave for North Korea in the next few days.
Former East German leader Erich Honecker and Erich Mielke, former head of the secret   police, were interrogated by federal prosecutors about their role in killings of people who   tried to flee the country.
Honecker, 77 and in failing   health, has already been charged with corruption and abuse of power.
Germany wants to try Honecker for ordering the shooting of   people who attempted to flee to the West during his years in power.
It is   not clear whether or not Margot Honecker will be allowed to remain in Chile.
