More than 2,500 dogs representing 138 breeds, will compete for prizes at Sunday's All   Breed Dog Show and Obedience Trials at the Los Angeles Sports Arena.
There will also be a demonstration of how dogs herd farm animals.
In the scent relay, teams of dogs will jump over hurdles and locate the jackets of   their owners.
Between   judgings, a troupe of Dobermans will jump through hoops and barrels and will scale   walls.
William Wegman's two Weimaraners serve as both companions and artist models to the   artist.
There   will also be an expert to answer questions on behavioral questions about dogs, free   veterinary advice, and a computer for visitors to learn which breed would best suit their   life style.
The mother-daughter dogs live with   Wegman in his home, a former Orthodox synagogue on Manhattan's Lower East Side.
The 47-year-old artist began his association with Weimaraners in 1970 when he acquired   a puppy, Man Ray, for $35 dollars.
The breed is affectionate and can hold a pose.
20,000 attended Israel's dog-of-the year contest held in Tel Aviv's Exhibition Center.
Bill McFadden, a professional dog handler, puts in 18-hour days caring for the dogs and   crisscrossing the country to show them for a variety of owners.
The top show dog is a   fluffy little Pomeranian and the police dog is an amiable German Shepherd.
When he died at the age of 11, Man Ray was world famous.
He quickly learned that the breed makes perfect   subjects.
The winner a feisty boxer beat out 800 other contestants representing more than 50   different breeds.
One of Wegman's   current dogs, Fay Ray, is now a familiar face both with artists and among children who   watch Sesame Street.
The   Pomeranian was named best of show at the prestigious Westminister Kennel Club Show   at Madison Square Garden.
The event was sanctioned by the World Kennel Club based in Brussels   and had judges from the Netherlands, South Africa, Italy and Britain.
Cory has won 245 show awards as Best of Breed   and 19 awards as Best in Show.
Although the   competition was billed as an international event, organizers conceded there were few if   any contestants from abroad.
