Supercomputers and satellites helped predict the path and landfall of Hurricane   Hugo in time to allow evacuation of Charleston, S.C., but hurricane tracking is   not an exact science.
To predict the path, supercomputers   use satellite data to make constantly changing predictions.
The intensity of Hugo was upgraded on the basis of Air   Force reconnaissance just hours before it hit Charleston.
Today the hurricane moved inland with steadily diminishing winds and   was downgraded to a tropical storm at 6 A.M. Two insurance companies said Tuesday that they anticipate $600 million in claims   from Hurricane Hugo which may become the most expensive ever for the industry.
There are no reliable   computer models for forecasting strength.
Although the hurricane claimed 17 lives in South Carolina,   Charleston, which took the brunt of the storm, lost only two.
Hurricane Hugo struck South Carolina Thursday after thousands of coastal   residents evacuated inland.
Gilbert, the most powerful hurricane ever recorded with winds up to 180 mph,   blasted the Caribbean last year killing 300 and causing $2 billion damage.
A real killer, it was the first major hurricane to strike   Charleston since Gracie made landfall 70 miles to the south in 1959.
The best information for   predicting hurricanes still comes from flying airplanes into the hurricane.
Forecasters analyze   the predictions, satellite data, the history of similar storms and the current   path to make an educated guess about the landfall.
The city has survived the effects of two wars and several lesser hurricanes, but   the worst natural disaster was the Charleston earthquake of Aug. 31, 1886 which   claimed 110 lives and destroyed 102 buildings.
After devastating Guadeloupe, Montserrat, Antigua, the Virgin Islands and Puerto   Rico on Sunday and Monday with winds up to 150 mph, killing at least 20 people   and leaving perhaps 100,000 homeless, Hurricane Hugo slowed down yesterday to   winds of 105-125 mph, only to pick up speed again and crash into Charleston,   S.C. at midnight with winds of 135 mph.
No individual company is expected to go under since much of the liability   will be assumed by reinsurers.
The mayors of Charleston and North Charleston, S.C. gave credit to residents of   their cities for the low fatality rate from Hurricane Hugo which hit the city   with full force.
