The Dog Fanciers Club organized a lunch at Sardi's on Wednesday for two of their   champions, the city's top police dog and the nation's top show dog.
Nero, a big, amiable   bruiser of a German Shepard specializes in sniffing out bombs and narcotics.
Great Elms Prince   Charming II is a fluffy little Pomeranian.
Unfairly,   neither Nero nor Prince got any lunch at this prominent midtown restaurant.
He was named best in show at the prestigious   Westminister Kennel Club Show in Madison Square Garden last month.
Still, for dog lovers, the show briefly pushed   Israel's general elections out of the limelight.
This sanctioned, two-day international   event gave about 20,000 people the opportunity to see about 800 pretty pouches of more   than 50 breeds.
Marco, a feisty boxer, walked off with the champion's trophy at Israel's dog-of-the-year   contest held in Tel Aviv's Exhibition Center.
The "intefadeh", the word used to describe the 9-month-old wave of Palestinian   violence in Israel, may have drastically reduced this year's foreign competition as   compared with a similar show last year.
More than 2,500 dogs, representing 118 breeds, will compete at Sunday's All Breed Dog   Show and Obedience Trials at the Los Angeles Sports Arena.
Cory has won 245   shows as Best-of-Breed and 19 awards as Best-in-Show.
Other attractions include   an expert who will answer behavioral questions about pets, free veterinary advice, a   demonstration of how 4-H youngsters train puppies to become guide dogs and more than   70 vendors selling dog paraphernalia.
One of the three owners of Cory, a champion German short-haired pointer is suing the   other two for damages and to determine if Cory is officially retired.
McFadden's latest product, a Kerry blue terrier named   Kerrageen's Hotspur with 37 Best in Show wins, is the top in his breed of all time.
McFadden handles an average of 20 to 25 dogs at each   show and works around 120 shows a year throughout the U.S.  "We finish with close to   100 champions a year," he said.
Bill McFadden, a 32-year-old professional dog handler, knows that the secret to   producing champions is just plain, hard work.
He is suing the other two owners, John and Rita Remondi for $125,000 in   fees and to stop them from showing Cory, who has been officially retired as announced in   Dog News.
