It is   moving westward at 15mph with a broad area of cloudiness and heavy weather with   sustained winds of 75mph gusting to 92mph.
Tropical Storm Gilbert in the eastern Caribbean strengthened into a hurricane Saturday   night.
The National Hurricane Center in Miami reported its position at 2 a.m. Sunday to   be about 140 miles south of Puerto Rico and 200 miles southeast of Santo Domingo.
The National Hurricane  Center said the storm is still gaining strength.
In Puerto Rico the storm tore off several roofs, caused   coastal flooding and brought down trees and power lines in the southwest region.
On Wednesday, Hurricane Gilbert, a category 5 storm, the strongest and deadliest type,   slammed into the Yucatan Peninsula with 160mph winds causing heavy damage to the   resort areas of Cancun and Cozumel.
At 3 p.m. EDT, the center of Hurricane Gilbert was about 100 miles south of the   Dominican Republic and 425 miles east of Kingston, Jamaica.
The Dominican Republic's Civil Defense   alerted that country's heavily populated south coast and the National Weather Service in   San Juan, Puerto Rico issued a flood watch for Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands until at   least 6 p.m. Sunday.
It was moving west at about 15mph and   was forecast to continue so for the next 24 hours.
Hal Gerrish, a forecaster with the National Hurricane Center said it is   one of the larger systems seen in the Caribbean for a long time.
Hurricane Gilbert, packing 110mph winds and torrential rain, moved over the Jamaican   capital city of Kingston today after skirting Puerto Rico, Haiti and the Dominican   Republic.
It's tropical-storm force winds extend up to 250 miles to the north and 100   miles to the south.
About one   out of six of the 50 to 60 low-pressure troughs moving west out of Africa each year   develop into a higher level storm.
Officials in the Dominican Republic, Cuba and Haiti issued warnings to their residents.
Jamaica's popular north coast is not expected to receive as   much damage as the south coast, where officials urged residents to seek higher ground.
Its current track would take it about 50   miles south of southwestern Haiti.
It reaches hurricane status when sustained winds hit 74mph.
