Communism's first taste of a Big Mac occurred with the opening of a McDonald's in   Belgrade, Yugoslavia.
The opening of the first of six McDonald's in Yugoslavia in the   next five years drew large crowds.
The opening may be the beginning of a competition   between the Big Mac and Yugoslavia's traditional hamburger-like fast food, the   Pljeskavica.
With 27 cash registers and seating for 900, the world's largest McDonald's opened in   Moscow on Wednesday to mixed reviews for the Big Mac and high praise for its   strawberry milkshakes, called cocktails by the Russians.
Many stood in line for up to three hours to get their   first taste of an American hamburger.
The world's largest McDonald's served 30,00 customers on its opening day in Moscow,   breaking the opening day record for McDonald's worldwide.
Clerks are   trained to say "please" and "thank-you" as well  as observing new standards of   cleanliness.
Priced about the same as the Pljeskavica, the Big Mac will be offered in a   setting that discourages lounging, bans smoking and is alcohol free; a sharp contrast to   traditional Balkan dining custom.
McDonald's is scheduled to open a restaurant in   Budapest, Hungary, next year but an agreement to expand into the Soviet Union has yet   to be reached.
After 7 years of negotiation with the South Korean government, McDonald's opened the   first of what it hopes to be a string of restaurants in Seoul.
The communist world will get its first taste of an American hamburger next week when   McDonald's opens its doors in Belgrade, Yugoslavia.
Even the higher wages of   Shenzhen, where workers average $53.00 a month, the $1.14 cost of the Big Mac along   with 48 cents for fries and 74 cents for a shake may cause the Chinese to view eating at   McDonald's as a treat rather than a convenience.
The ingredients used at the restaurant are provided by Soviet farms, but   McDonald's provided farmers with special training and disease-resistant seeds for the   process.
As the value of the ruble plunges, Russian   officials had reason to celebrate McDonald's hamburgers.
The Big Mac, priced at 3.75 rubles, costs   about two hours pay for the average Russian worker.
