Kremlinologists who look for conspiracies are working overtime on recent  events in the Soviet Union.
Could it be that  Gorbachev has co-opted the coup?
Russian President  Boris Yeltsin was not arrested.
The announcement of Gorbachev's illness and a  palace coup provides a starting point for speculation.
According to the theory,  Gorbachev did not  want any bloodshed.
Gorbachev's foreign minister promised that  reforms would continue and Moscow would honor its international commitments.
Tanks did not roll until hours after  Gorbachev's supposed arrest and it was said that many of the tanks that  surrounded the Parliament building had no ammunition.
Six of the top party officials  were arrested for instigating the coup.
President Bush said he spoke to Gorbachev and that the  Soviet leader was again "calling the shots".
Boris Yeltsin, the leader of the resistance to the coup is now at least the  equal, if not the master of Gorbachev.
Defense Council Deputy Oleg Baklanov had called for  a military takeover as an appropriate step to avert reforms, but Gorbachev  ignored the warnings.
He possesses talents that Gorbachev lackes: he is close to  the Russian people and is eager to challenge the apparatus of the Communist  Party.
Gorbachev had thought he needed the upper echelons of the Party to  protect him from those who opposed his reforms.
The reactionary elements staging the coup in the Soviet Union miscalculated  by thinking the issue was Mikhail Gorbachev.
Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev prepared to return to Moscow from the  Crimea and reclaim power after the coup against him collapsed and its  leaders fled.
In the aftermath of the coup, Gorbachev fired his foreign minister and  acting defense minister.
The  national legislature demanded Gorbachev's reinstatement and nullified the  coup leaders' emergency decrees.
Crowds cheered outside the Russian parliament building, which  served as headquarters for resistance to the coup led by Boris Yeltsin.
However, a benign Soviet Union cannot be  automatically assumed.
He  condemned the attempted takeover as being against "the people, against  democracy".
Gorbachev chose to ignore warnings of the hard-liners impending coup.
US intelligence officers warned the White House a week before the Soviet  coup of a "real possibility" that hard-liners in the KGB or Soviet military  might try to block the signing of the new Union Treaty.
