The Defense Department said the explosion possibly   resulted from the blast of a 110-pound gunpowder bag used to fires shells weighing over   a ton a distance of up to 23 miles.
At least 47 crewmen died today in an explosion in one of three giant WWII-era gun   turrets on the battleship Iowa.
It was on a training exercise about 330 miles northeast of Puerto Rico.
The Iowa was commissioned in 1943 and most recently returned to service in December   1982.
The bodies of 47 sailors killed in the Iowa gun explosion arrived at Dover AFB,   Delaware on Thursday.
2   gun turret on the USS Iowa Wednesday have been autopsied.
Navy officials said none of the guns in the no.
The Iowa was headed to Roosevelt Roads Naval Base in Puerto Rico and was in no   danger of sinking.
Notifications of next of kin began late Wednesday.
The blast occurred Wednesday as the Iowa was engaging in firing exercises northeast of   Puerto Rico.
Members of the Senate Armed Services Committee said Friday the panel will hold   hearings on the explosion which occurred during open seas gun practice 300 miles north   of Puerto Rico.
The Washington Post reported today that crewmen in the upper chambers of the gun   turret were killed by the explosion while sailors several levels below suffocated when all   the oxygen was sucked out.
The USS Iowa steamed home from Puerto Rico on Friday with investigators on board   interviewing crewmen and reviewing a videotape of the explosion taken by an Iowa   officer who was recording the firing of the big guns.
Friday's memorial at the Elizabeth River waterfront for the 47 victims of the USS Iowa   tragedy drew 750 people.
Defense Secretary Cheney said there are no eyewitness survivors.
The Iowa, a WWII leviathan reactivated by Reagan, was returning to its home port,   Norfolk, Va., with naval investigators aboard.
Retired Adm. Eugene LaRocque of the Center for Defense Information said Thursday   that the 16-inch guns on the Iowa, which can fire a 2,700 pound shell a distance of 20   miles are "old-fashioned and inherently dangerous."
Relatives of the 47 victims killed in the No.2 gun explosion aboard the Iowa last   Wednesday were among the 6000 people who attended a memorial at Norfolk Naval Air   Station on Monday.
