She married   Desi Arnaz in 1940 and, in 1951, they formed Desilu Productions and began "I Love   Lucy."
Lucille Ball was born August 6, 1911, in Jamestown, New York.
In 1961, she married Gary Morton and next year   started "The Lucy Show", which became "Here's Lucy" and ended in 1974.
When Lucy and Desi divorced in 1960, Lucy bought Desi's share of the company   and sold it in 1967 for $18 million.
She began, in 1926, as   a chorus girl and moved to Hollywood in 1933, appearing in over 75 films.
Keith Thibodeaux, who played Little Ricky on the "I Love Lucy" show, remembered   Lucille Ball on Wednesday, following the announcement of her death.
She later   starred in two movies and another, short-lived, TV show.
Signed by Sam Goldwyn in 1933,   Lucy perfected her comedic skills in dozens of films, frequently appearing as the salty   second banana.
Bob Hope, with whom she last appeared at the Academy Awards ceremony,   said thanks to television "we'll have her forever."
Her superb timing and physical and verbal comedy skills continue to   shine on "I Love Lucy" reruns.
Thibodeaux grew   up on the set playing the role from 1956 to 1961.
He recalls Lucy as being very serious, in   control, and very strict, but with a lot of love and generosity.
President   Bush and former President and Mrs. Reagan head the list of those expressing their   sympathy.
The family scheduled the services   for 8 p.m. Monday, the time most Americans had watched many of her shows.
Miss Ball died earlier in Los Angeles.
Thibodeaux is a professional drummer but auditioned for the Ricky role when   he was 6.
Jane Curtin, Joan Rivers, Whoopi Goldberg,   Tim Conway, and Victoria Jackson were among comedians lauding her talents, personal   example, and shows.
Lucille Ball was the movies' greatest gift to television.
He last spoke with Miss Ball   on his birthday in February.
More than 1,000 packed St. Monica's Catholic Church, where   fans had lined up as much as four hours early.
Pauline Lopus recalled that   Miss Ball dreamed of fame, worked as an amusement park barker at age 15, and appeared   in school plays.
