The Glendale Symphony will observe a moment of silence at their Sunday   season opener.
Leonard Bernstein died last Sunday.
The Los Angeles Philharmonic and the American   Youth Symphony will remember him with special selections in their programs this   weekend.
Monday, KUSC-FM broadcast 16 hours of Bernstein performances.
KKGO-FM featured   his work on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Tickets cost $20 to $5000.
Beverly Sills will host.
The Boston Symphony   Orchestra, the Boston Pops Orchestra, and the Tanglewood Festival Chorus, directed by   some of the conductors mentored by Bernstein, will also perform.
The Philharmonic will perform an all   Bernstein program beginning Thursday and continuing through Oct. 23.
Art world luminaries, Zubin Mehta, Kurt Masur, Peter Martins, and Christopher Keen,   were among the many who expressed condolences in the New York Times.
Carol Lawrence, the original Maria of "West Side Story," sang as did cast members from   other Bernstein shows, including Nancy Walker, Betty Comden, and Adolph Green ("On   the Town") and Barabara Cook ("Candide").
The Bernstein family requested contributions to the Bernstein Education Through the   Arts Fund, in lieu of flowers.
The concert will celebrate Bernstein's contributions to classical and popular compositions   and landmark opera recordings.
The final selection,   "Chichester Psalms" (1965) ended with a chorus declaring a message Bernstein sought   for society: "Together in unity."
Lauren Bacall, Betty Comden, and Phyllis Newman are among   the performers who will sing, act, and make guest appearances.
The program included   Beethoven's emotional Fifth Symphony.
The Leonard Bernstein Gala Birthday Performance is a benefit concert scheduled for the   composer's 70th birthday, August 25, to raise money for the Tanglewood Music Center,   where Bernstein started his conducting career.
I remember the Rennaissance man of music, Leonard Bernstein, from October 1948.
Leonard Bernstein, the flamboyant Renaissance man of music who excelled as pianist,   composer, conductor and teacher died Sunday in his Manhattan apartment.
Conductors were Michael Tillson Thomas, Michael Barrett, Christoph Eschenbach and   James Levine.
Conductors Seiji Ozawa, John Williams, John   Mauceri and Michael Tillson Thomas will share the podium on opening night.
Harvard educated and mentored by several musical giants, including Aaron   Copeland, he brought classical music to the masses via his innovative television series   "Omnibus," and made an indelible mark on American popular music with his   composition, "West Side Story."
