A flash flood raged through small town areas along the Ohio River in eastern  Ohio.
The flood struck near the village of Shadyside, Ohio.
The flood created a wall of water 15 to 20 feet high as it tore through the  area.
So far, at least ten people are known dead but dozens are missing.
Officials from  Ohio, West Virginia, and the Coast Guard searched the Ohio River for  survivors and bodies.
The village is  about ten miles south of Wheeling, West Virginia.
Only  two people have been accounted for.
Ohio Governor Celeste declared a state  of emergency after surveying the area.
Victims told stories of fear, luck, and close calls during the  flood.
The Ohio Emergency Management Agency  was assisted in coping with the emergency by other state agencies and the  Red Cross.
Thunderstorms generated floods which surged through a valley into the Ohio  River town of Shadyside killing at least 11 people.
The girl was with a nine-year-old friend, Amber Colvin,  when the flood struck.
The tremendous flood damage was to the  outskirts of town where small tractors and four-wheel-drive vehicles were  the only means of transportation.
A crowded bar in  Shadyside was washed away when the torrent of water caved in a wall.
A body was found in the Ohio River near Moundsville, West Virginia this  morning.
The mother of a 12-year-old girl held out hope for her daughter who, along  with nearly three dozen others, was still missing two days after the floods  in eastern Ohio.
Residents began assessing the damage to their homes and property caused by a  furious flash flood that killed at least 11 and left many homeless.
The death toll from flash floods in eastern Ohio rose to 20, including five  children.
Ohio governor Celeste declared a state of emergency  and said that the valleys were choked with debris.
Little hope remained for the 14 people still listed as missing since  coroner's investigator Chuck Vogt said "you can't swim that long in the Ohio  River".
A flood watch, but not a warning, was issued before  the disaster.
West Virginia also had millions of  dollars of damage but no deaths or serious injuries were reported.
Amber was swept down Wegee Creek and into the Ohio  River, but survived a seven-mile ordeal by clinging to logs.
