An explosion this morning destroyed a military barracks that housed the Royal Marines   School of Music.
The School is located in the southern England town of Deal, and police   there said the explosion killed 11 and injured 22.
Prince Philip toured the severely damaged Royal Marines School of Music, and visited   those injured in Friday's blast.
The blast occurred while the school's neighbors were still in bed, or at home preparing   for the day's activities.
Neighbors described   the horror and confusion that followed the explosion, and likened it to those that occurred   during the Blitz.
She took the occasion to condemn as   "monsters" those members of the IRA who blew up the Royal Marines School of Music,   killing ten bandsmen.
A forensic team from Scotland Yard's anti-terrorist squad was summoned to aid in the   investigation.
An explosion at 8:28 A.M. today rocked the Royal Marines School of Music in Deal,   about 20 miles north of the English Channel Port of Dover.
A huge explosion yesterday in the lounge of the Royal Marines School of Music killed   ten and injured 22, eight seriously.
The British Defense Secretary said that all   evidence points to the explosion being an Irish atrocity.
Opposition   politicians  joined in denouncing the use of private security firms at the Deal facility and   9 other military  establishments in Britain.
The barracks housed the Royal Marines School of Music.
The Irish Republican Army claimed   responsibility for the explosion.
Police have said that all ten men killed in yesterday's explosion at a barracks in Deal   were serviceman.
Some homes in Deal were badly damaged.
It killed eight and left a larger   number trapped in the debris.
The School is located in Deal on the English Channel.
Ten men were killed yesterday when an explosion destroyed a  barracks that housed the   Royal Marines School of Music.
Police said that   11 were killed and 22 injured.
Outraged Britons allege that the School offered an easy target for the IRA.
Local police said that 17 or 18 were trapped, but the   Defense Ministry put the number at eight.
Investigators said that it was probably a bomb blast, and the IRA has claimed   responsibility.
