Port workers in Szczecin, Poland and southwestern coal miners declared sympathy strikes   with miners demanding the legalization of Solidarity according to opposition activists.
A   local prosecutor declared the strike illegal.
In support of 3000 colleagues striking for a   second day at a mine in Jastrzebie, workers at a nearby mine refused to take up their tools   and launched their own strike.
Miners   are demanding the legalization of Solidarity, pay raises and reinstatement of workers   fired for union activities.
The strikes mark the eighth anniversary of the birth of   Solidarity, which Communist authorities crushed in a 1981 military crackdown.
Solidarity was crushed in 1981, when the government imposed martial law and was   banned nearly a year later by parliament.
In the opinion of one   mine's representative, the strike has a clear political hue to compromise the existing   authorities, particularly President Kravchuk, before the second round of presidential   elections.
Thousands of miners in the Vorkuta region of the Soviet Union are expanding their strike   and are blocking coal shipments.
More than 4,000 workers at a coal mine in Jastrzebie, Poland went on strike today to   demand legalization of Solidarity, higher wages and the reinstatement of workers fired   for union activities.
Coal miners from Romania's Jiu Valley, who spearheaded violent anti-reform rampages   through Bucharest in 1990 and 1991, are once again out on strike, pressing the   government for higher wages.
So far the government, unlike its predecessor has not   caved in but has begun action to have the strike declared illegal.
The   strike comes on the eighth anniversary of the founding of the outlawed trade federation.
Mine   owners, in anticipation of a strike, have been building stockpiles and do not expect the   strike to have much impact unless it lasts over a month.
The National Union of Mineworkers said an estimated 200,000 gold and coal miners in   South Africa will begin a strike for higher wages and better working conditions in what it   said would be the largest job action to ever affect the nation's mining industry.
The government   has agreed to make all coal operations economically and legally independent.
Gold and   coal account for more than half of South Africa's foreign currency earnings.
