The earthquake that struck northern Iran Thursday resembled the Armenian earthquake   of Dec. 7, 1988.
The Iranian quake was the stronger measuring 7.7 (vs. 6.9) on the   Richter scale.
The Iranian quake occurred just after midnight, so most people were   inside asleep when it hit.
Both killed about 25,000 people most of whom died as their fragile   homes collapsed.
The earthquake that hit Iran early Thursday exacted particularly large casualties   because people were asleep in fragile homes built on a flood plain of loosely deposited   soil that shifts in an earthquake.
It occurred in an area where most of the adobe buildings are   on a flood plain of loosely deposited soil that shifts causing structures to collapse.
Iran today welcomed earthquake relief from its bitter enemy, the United States, but   specified that aid should be channeled through the Red Cross and Red Crescent.
At least   25,000 died and thousands were injured as residents were buried in the rubble of their   homes.
Donations for Iranian earthquake   relief may also be sent to the Red Cross, UNICEF, Bank Meli Iran, and the Adventist   Development and Relief Agency.
Shahin Gobadi, spokesman for the People's Mojahedin of Iran, claims that the Islamic   Republic of Iran is purposely underreporting the number of casualties from Thursday's   massive earthquake (7.3-7.7 on the Richter scale) out of a fear of political backlash.
More than 6,000 people were pulled from rubble in Gilan and   Zanjan provinces and airlifted to hospitals.
Thursday's quake was the strongest ever recorded in that area where two major plates   of the earth's crust meet.
The Iranian group is collecting medicine, light   clothing, blankets, and flashlights among other things.
The estimated 50,000 deaths from the earthquake which hit Iran last Thursday would    make it the fourth deadliest earthquake worldwide in the last fifty years.
Many have turned   anxiety over the fate of relatives and friends into action by mobilizing relief efforts,   setting up two offices (467-1120 and 456-4000) to gather contributions for the United   Nations Fund for the Iran Earthquake.
The paper called for rejection of relief offers by the   U.S. and "other governments whose hands are stained with the blood of the Iranian   people."
