An estimated 200,000 black gold and coal miners in South Africa are expected to begin a strike   for higher wages and better working conditions.
If other mines join in, a total of 300,000 miners could be on   strike.
Gold and coal account for more than half of South Africa's foreign-currency holdings.
It would be the largest job action ever to affect   the mining industry in that nation.
More than 4,000 workers at the Manifest Lipcowy coalmine in Jastrzebie southwest of Warsaw   went on strike today to demand legalization of Solidarity and higher wages.
In Yenakiyevo in the Donetsk Oblast, miners at six coal production association and pits went on   strike demanding payment of wage arrears.
Shift workers at two mines in Pervomaysk, Lugansk Oblast, refused   to start work for political reasons--to compromise the existing authorities, particularly President   Leonid Kravchuk, before the second round of political elections.
The copper industry continues to show profit but coal mining is running at a loss.
Solidarity was   formed around Gdansk eight years before when factory and shipyard workers united to form the   only independent trade federation in the Soviet bloc.
The miners are demanding more local control over   their industry, higher wages, and better living conditions.
The union is demanding a 30% across-the-board wage increase for black miners who it says earn   an average of $109 a month.
The Chamber of Mines says they earn twice that much.
Port workers in Szczecin and miners at the Morcinek mine declared sympathy strikes in support   of strikers at the nearby July Manifesto mine in Jastrzebie who are demanding the legalization of   Solidarity and raised pay wages.
Romanians are   opposed to the miners' wage demand, the mines are not considered a vital source of energy, and   the miners are in danger of pricing their coal out of the market.
Workers at the Rudna copper mine near Wroclaw staged a protest rally Monday to demand   improved safety conditions and the return to work of Solidarity activists barred Saturday from   working.
Manifest Lipcowy is the second mine in the industrial region of Silesia to experience unrest.
More than 10,000 coal miners in West Virginia, Virginia, Pennsylvania, Indiana, and Kentucky   were off the job today to express sympathy for miners in Virginia and West Virginia.
