Saturday Manila newspapers quoted Teodoro Benigno, President Corazon Aquinoi's press   secretary, saying Mrs. Aquino told Swiss lawyers that Ferdinand Marcos will be allowed   to return to the Philippines so that he can be tried for stealing billions of dollars.
Mrs. Aquino, however,   has previously refused to let Marcos return from exile in Hawaii, citing security concerns.
The Philippine government said it will file criminal charges against former President   Marcos, claiming he stole up to $10 billion of government funds.
Philippine law prohibits trial in absentia.
Swiss lawyers are helping the Philippine government trace money that Marcos allegedly   placed in Swiss banks.
In a meeting Monday with West German government and industrial leaders, including   President Richard von Weizaecker, Philippine President Corazon Aquino asked for   economic assistance.
President Corazon Aquino on Friday refuse to allow her predecessor, Ferdinand Marcos,   to return home to die and won't permit him to be buried here despite an appeal from his   wife.
Mrs. Aquino also invited her most outspoken critic Sen. Juan Enrile to   join the talks.
Calling   for debt relief and investment, Mrs. Aquino said that under her leadership the country's   growth rate had improved from minus10 percent to plus 6.7 percent.
Mrs. Marcos' appeal was broadcast by a pro-  Marcos radio station.
Meanwhile, pro-Marcos leaders warned the former president's death in exile would   trigger demonstrations.
Chief of staff, Gen. Renato de Villa, said the armed forces were   prepared to block any attempts by the opposition to foment trouble.
Enrile said he was willing to reconcile with Mrs. Aquino, who fired him as   defense minister after he was implicated in a coup attempt in November 1986.
Despite charges that Marcos stole billions of dollars from the government, the former   president still has a significant following here.
Saturday Philippine Vice President and opposition leader Salvador Laurel refused to   condemn the armed insurrection in his country and predicted the fighting may become   civil war if rebel reinforcements arrive from other islands.
President Corazon Aquino said Friday that for security reasons she would not permit   deposed President Ferdinand Marcos to be buried in the Philippines, despite an appeal   from his wife, Imelda, that he be allowed to return.
