British media entrepreneur Robert Maxwell, who publishes Britain's Daily Mirror, said Monday   he is involved in negotiations to buy a U.S. newspaper worth "hundreds of millions of dollars."
In other changes, his son Ian, appointed Deputy chairman of Mirror Group, will resign his post   as Joint Deputy Managing Director at Maxwell Communications whose management will be   taken over by his brother Kevin.
The newspaper was not identified but there is speculation that it might be The New York Daily   News, which is struggling to restore profitability; USA Today, which would mesh with   Maxwell's efforts for the new paper The European; or the Chicago Sun-Times that has been   sliding in circulation since 1985.
About 20 banks were concerned last summer at the behavior of businesses run by Robert   Maxwell before his empire collapsed.
The writs allege that   Goldman Sachs, the US-based investment bank, assisted in diverting currency from the two   Robert Maxwell-controlled pension schemes to ensure its own debts from Maxwell interest   would be repaid.
A directive of a secretive Swiss trust said the purchases, using brokers, had been "going on for   some time" and were bought for other "foundations" and then held for a certain time.
Following his takeover of the unprofitable New York Daily News, British publisher Robert   Maxwell plans to raise about #250 million ($448 million) through the sale of shares in his Mirror   Group Newspaper Ltd. of Britain.
Allegedly, Kevin Maxwell told   Goldman to remit the proceeds of the sale to a trust Goldman knew to be Maxwell owned.
Officials of each of these newspapers denied they were negotiating with Maxwell, who recently   bought three US tabloids: the Globe, National Examiner, and the Sun.
Reportedly, Maxwell never created the pension fund promised to New York Daily   News managers.
Mirror's flagship publication is the tabloid Daily Mirror.
Two Swiss trusts, a private UK trust company and a US investment bank are under investigation   by the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) for involvement in an illegal scheme to support the Maxwell   Communication Corporation (MCC) share price.
In a move regarded as without precedent, the attorney general will apply for an injunction to stop   the production of a West End show about the late Robert Maxwell.
