Penelope Lively won the 1987 Booker Prize.
She won for "Moon Tigers", a dying   woman's recollection of and her work as a WW II correspondent and her affair with a   young officer.
Odds   on Lively were seven-to-one.
The Booker Prize is sponsored by Booker, an international food and farming business.
The competition is very popular and elicits heavy betting.
The idea was to   devise a British equivalent to the French Prix Goncourt.
The Booker is awarded to the author of the best work of fiction published   in Great Britain during the preceding 12 months.
The Booker is no   longer the richest literary prize, but even making the short-list guarantees the author   immense prestige and increased sales for his novel.
In late September the judges announce a short-list of six contenders chosen from the   publishers' submissions.
Carey, an Australian, was the only non-Briton in the   group of six on the short-list.
The Booker was first awarded in 1969.
The coveted Booker Prize for the year's best work of fiction was awarded to Peter Carey   Tuesday evening.
Critic and novelist Antonia Byatt was named winner of the 1990 Booker Prize.
Bookmakers immediately made Michael Ondaatje's "The English Patient" the favorite to   win the prize.
Critics say the hype afforded Booker   finalists does a disservice to other authors who do not make the list.
Carey won for his novel "Oscar and Lucinda" that tells of a romance between an English   gambler and an Australian heiress who meet on a steamship's maiden voyage to Australia   in the middle of the 19th century.
The winning novel "Possession" tells how two graduate students piece   together the relationships and lives of two imaginary Victorian poets from fragments of   their letters as they traveled across England to France.
The winner of the Booker Prize for 1944 will be announced on 11 October.
The short-list is a sensation.
Yesterday the judges announced the short-list of the six fiction writers in contention for   the 1992 Booker Prize.
It includes such classics as Kilpling's "Jungle Book", George   du Maurier's "Trilby", and Anthony Hope's "The Prisoner of Zenda".
The winner of the 1994 Booker Prize is John Kelman That was announced last night.
The Booker has always provoked controversy, but this year the wrangling has been   especially intense.
