Relatives and friends of Republican Vice Presidential candidate Dan  Quayle do not believe that his candidacy will have an adverse effect  on his family life.
The Quayles have worried about  the family's loss of privacy during the campaign.
Quayle and his wife are devoted to their three  children and remain close to many of their friends during the period  that the 41-year old senator has been in public life.
After law school, he worked in  the Indiana attorney general's office.
Both Quayle's  and his wife's roots are in Indiana.
Their three  children were two to one in favor of Quayle's accepting the VP spot  if offered.
He was also characterized as an  advocate and supporter of the Reagan revolution working to transform  Reagan's vision into the law.
In the  speech, Dole called Quayle a dedicated public servant and a devoted  family man.
Quayle also quit referring to himself as a "Vietnam-era  veteran" when objections came from some Vietnam combat veterans.
Eight fellow Republican senators voiced their favorable  feelings toward Quayle.
The group believes that  Quayle, who could not attend because of a busy schedule, deserves the  tribute.
The actor has asked that Quayle stop making  those comparisons, but Quayle said, they were made by the press and  not by him.
Senator Bob Dole of Kansas made the nominating speech for Senator Dan  Quayle for vice president at the Republican Convention.
Quayle's goal had been to  support the president and to make himself a very small target.
Dole said that Dan was always willing to make the tough  choices and cast the tough votes.
Senator John Warner of Virginia, who served in the Senate with Dan  Quayle said that when he heard the VP nominee speak, he thought him to  be the next Thomas Jefferson.
Dole then cited Quayle's twelve years experience  tackling national and international problems.
Former president Ford compared Quayle  to President Kennedy.
The erroneous  information had indicated that Quayle was the chief investigator of  the division a year before its creation.
Huntington, Indiana, the home town of VP Dan Quayle is celebrating his  life with the "Premiere Dan Quayle Memorabilia Exhibit".
Bush's choice for his running mate ran into questions about Dan  Quayle's military record and even suggestions that Quayle should  withdraw.
