President Bush has decided to nominate James Lilley to be ambassador to  China.
Lilley was born in China of American  parents working there.
Bush's choice for assistant secretary of state for  Latin America, Democrat Bernard Aronson, has raised concern from the two  leading Republican Senators on the Foreign Relations Committee.
Lilley was CIA chief of station in China when Bush headed the US  liaison office there in 1974-1975.
Senators  Helms and Lugar have expressed their concerns to Secretary of State Baker.
It is unlikely that the senators will block the nomination but will probably  conduct tough questioning during confirmation hearings.
Spiers is a career foreign service officer and has been  ambassador to the Bahamas and Turkey and, from 1981 until 1983 was  ambassador to Pakistan.
Spiers most recent job was undersecretary of state  for management affairs.
However, since Secchia is the president's choice he would not try to block  it.
Hinton, currently  ambassador to Costa Rica, replaces Arthur Davis who had been recalled in  protest of what the administration considered the stealing of the Panamanian  elections by General Manuel Noriega.
President Bush named career diplomat Deane Hinton as ambassador to Panama as  a recess appointment since Congress is not in session.
Hinton has also been ambassador to El Salvador and Pakistan.
The chairman, Senator  Pell, had many misgivings about the nomination but did not vote against  Secchia.
Secchia pledged to be more careful in his use of language as a  diplomat that he had used as an activist.
He said  that the nomination was a mistake and that "in all likelihood Mr. Secchia  will be an embarrassment to the administration and the United States".
The US and Nicaragua have not had ambassadors in each other's  country since July 1988 when President Daniel Ortega expelled the US  ambassador and President Reagan expelled the Nicaraguan ambassador.
Joseph Gildenhorn, named by President Bush to be ambassador to Switzerland  has been rated "unqualified" by the American Academy of Diplomacy, an  organization composed of former high ranking diplomats including all living  former secretaries of state.
Davis was later returned to Panama  after US forces invaded Panama and Guillermo Endara was installed as  president.
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee endorsed the nomination of Republican  activist Peter Secchia to be ambassador to Italy.
