Iraqi troops invaded Kuwait and by early Friday controlled Kuwait city, the capital.
The Sheik fled to Saudi Arabia.
More than 200 Kuwaiti casualties are   reported.
Soldiers also were sweeping through the oilfields.
Iraq, with 17 million people, amassed 100,000   of the most battle-trained army in the Arab world on the border.
Kuwait has 1.9 million   residents, 60 percent foreigners, and an army of 20,300.
Iraq accused Kuwait of stealing   and overproducing oil.
Iraqi's powerful army claimed victory today in its lightning invasion of oil-rich Kuwait.
The Kuwaiti emir has fled to Saudi Arabia and Iraqis occupy the palace and all   government buildings and are moving toward the oil facilities.
The emir's   family has ruled Kuwait for almost 250 years.
The U.N. Security Council, the Soviets, and President Bush have   condemned the attack.
A U.S. naval group is moving toward the area, as oil prices soar.
More that 200 Kuwaitis   were killed or wounded, including the emir's brother.
Talks collapsed and Iraq overran Kuwait   before dawn on August 2.
This is the   first commercial flight out of Iraq since it invaded Kuwait and the U.N. Security Council   banned all trade and military ties with Iraq.
The European Economic Community, the Scandinavian countries, and even neutral   Switzerland are strongly supporting the trade bans.
Oil prices are at a five year   high and will go even higher.
The invasion of Kuwait changed   this.
Kuwaiti officials who refuse to cooperated are being   executed or bused to Baghdad for further interrogations.
Iraq' deputy permanent   representative to the U.N. claims "the Iraqi government...is pursuing no goal or objective   and wishes only cordial relations with Kuwait."
Iraq claims it invaded at the request   of revolutionaries who staged a coup and would withdraw soon.
President Bush said, "We remain committed to take   whatever actions are necessary to defend our longstanding, vital interests in the Gulf."
Kuwait's borders and airport are closed.
OPEC ministers then agreed to halt   overproduction and the two nations met to negotiate, although 100,000 Iraqi troops, 79,700   more than the Kuwait army, were on the border.
Saddam Hussein   summoned the U.S. ambassador for talks.
Iraq has ordered air raid drills and warned of U.S. or Israeli attacks.
