Meanwhile, Iraq massed 100,000 troops   and 300 tanks on Kuwait's border.
An Iraq-Kuwait crisis erupted July 17 when Iraqi President Saddam Hussein accused   Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates of costing his country $14 billion in lost revenue   because of their overproduction of OPEC oil limits.
He further demanded $2.4 billion for   oil allegedly stolen from a common field and the cancellation of $15 billion in war loans   that Kuwait gave to Iraq.
Reportedly, Kuwait's oil export facilities have been shut down.
Iraq has historically laid claim to all of Kuwait.
The Council failed to publicly condemn Iraq's invasion of Kuwait.
Saudi Arabia joined other Arab organizations to condemn the   invasion.
Iraq's U.N. representative said they would withdraw when the "free   Kuwaiti interim government' of "revolutionary youth" who toppled the Kuwaiti   government, and to whose aid they came, requested it.
Among the   assessments conveyed was a conclusion that President Saddam Hussein's force would be   capable of penetrating Kuwait or Saudi Arabia.
Kuwait's government appealed for U.S. military intervention.
In retaliation against U.N. imposed economic and military sanctions, Iraq today rounded   up hundreds of foreign nationals in Kuwait.
The U.N. Security Council demanded that Iraq unconditionally withdraw its invasion   forces from Kuwait.
Saddam Hussein said Iraq is   withdrawing its forces from Kuwait.
Iraq invaded Kuwait today, quickly seizing the palace and government buildings.
Meanwhile, a series of   communiques from the "provisional government", whose members were not identified,   came from the Iraqi state-run news agency in Baghdad, not from Kuwait, indicating that   the Iraqis are in charge.
President Bush froze all Iraqi assets in the U.S., blocked   Iraqi imports and, for their protection, froze Kuwaiti assets under U.S. jurisdiction.
Through mediation by Saudi Arabia and Egypt, Kuwaiti and   Iraqi officials met in Jiddah to negotiate issues.
President Bush had been warned that what originally   looked like an Iraqi bluff was quickly turning into a serious deployment.
It would be the first time since 1967, when it brought   sanctions against Rhodesia, that the Security Council took such action against a member   state.
Turkey also ducked   President Bush's suggestion that they cut their pipeline taking Iraqi oil to the   Mediterranean.
