She has refused   to allow Marcos, in exile in Hawaii, back into the Philippines, citing security reasons.
Manila newspapers reported   today, that she told this to lawyers in Switzerland when she visited there.
Philippine President Corazon Aquino has agreed to allow Ferdinand Marcos to return so   that he can be prosecuted for stealing billions of dollars.
He   was ousted in a 1986 coup and is accused of stealing $10 billion, much of it allegedly   deposited in Swiss bank accounts.
Imelda's   spokesman has said she is trying to reach Aquino, but this is denied by Aquino's   daughter.
Although the Swiss government has frozen these   funds, Swiss law allows secrecy requirements to be lifted only for a criminal prosecution.
President Corazon Aquino said today she will not allow ousted leader Ferdinand Marcos   to return home to die or allow his body to be buried in the Philippines.
Marcos is in   critical condition in a Honolulu hospital suffering from renal, cardiac, and pulmonary   failure.
Philippine President Corazon Aquino is in West Germany today seeking expanded   economic ties.
Friday, President Corazon Aquino refused to allow Ferdinand Marcos to return to the   Philippines to die or permit his body to be buried here.
President Corazon Aquino said Friday that she would not permit ousted leader Ferdinand   Marcos to be buried in the Philippines.
Filipinos clashed Thursday at the consulate in Los Angles over the military coup   underway in their homeland.
Marcos is in critical condition in   Honolulu.
Aquino's reactions to two major coup attempts and six   military mutinies had been indecisive.
Marcos' supporters are planning a rally for   Saturday and warned of demonstrations if he should die in exile.
German leaders promised strengthened relations and continuing trade in the   future European Economic Community market.
Aquino's national security advisor says Marcos' return is still an option, but,   although he is no longer a threat, his followers could cause disruptions.
Philippine President Corazon Aquino quickly responded to the most recent coup attempt.
Philippines Vice President and opposition leader Salvador H. Laurel, in Hong Kong on   Saturday, refused to condemn the armed insurrection underway in his country.
Philippine President Corazon Aquino said today she is willing to negotiate a ceasefire   with Communist guerrillas and former soldiers, reversing a long held policy.
