He then shot himself in   the head.
A man firing several dozen shots from an automatic rifle killed six children and wounded   35 at an elementary school in Stockton, California on Tuesday.
The attack at Cleveland   Elementary School came shortly before noon.
Deputy Police Chief Ralph Tribble said that he is in custody.
Eight of those shot   were being treated at St. Joseph's Medical Center and at least 30 people were sent to   other area hospitals, according to Police Chief Jack Calkins.
Police received a call that a man went   berserk with an automatic weapon and several people were down.
In Greenwood, a   man with a history of mental problems opened fire with a handgun and killed two   children and wounded nine.
He lived with an aunt and uncle in Sandy,   Oregon, from July to October, then traveled to Texas, Tennessee, Connecticut, and   finally Lodi, California, near his hometown of Stockton, looking for work.
Patrick E. Purdy, also known as Patrick West, was a blond, blue-eyed, 26-year-old drifter   with a long criminal record in the LA area.
One hospital called for help because its staff with language   skills was overloaded.
The city has been   changing with the arrival of Southeast Asian refugees.
On Tuesday, within hours after a gunman opened fire at Cleveland Elementary School in   Stockton, CA, killing five children and himself and wounding 30 others, 25 translators   who spoke Southeast Asian languages rushed to the school and hospitals to assist non-  English-speaking parents.
60% of the school's students are   of Southeast Asian descent, including the slain children.
His aunt and grandmother   described him as a nice young man but a loner and childhood alcoholic.
Through third grade he attended Cleveland Elementary School in Stockton, California,   where he killed five children on Tuesday.
A 26-year-old drifter with a long criminal record opened fire with an assault rifle at   Cleveland Elementary School in Stockton, California Tuesday, killing five children and   wounding 30 others before killing himself.
Southeast Asians have been drawn recently by Stockton's farming and fishing.
The five children   killed were all Asian.
Californians will observe five minutes of silence.
Translators were located and sent by the Charterhouse Center   refugee program, which is funded by the Episcopal Church and private donations.
