Dear DUC 2002 participants,

    This is both a status report and a request for help in
 defining DUC 2002.  There are currently 24 groups signed up
 to participate, and we expect a few others.  NIST has started
 building the test data and we will follow the scheduled
 dates for release.  The workshop has been accepted as a post-ACL 
 workshop and will take place July 12-13 in Philadelphia 
 (July 11th will be a day for general summarization papers).  

<http://www-nlpir.nist.gov/projects/duc/duc2002/Acl02SummarizationWorkshop.html>

    What remains to be done are the changes to SEE and some
 design of new metrics.  I am requesting help now in
 defining some of the details for the changes to SEE since
 changes need to be made soon.

    As background, at the end of DUC 2001 there was some 
 discussion of the problems in the grammar/coherence/organization 
 part of the evaluation.  For those of you not involved in DUC 2001,
 there were two main problems.  The first was how to define
 grammar, coherence and organization such that the NIST
 assessors had a CLEAR picture of what they were trying to
 judge.  Their take on grammar tended to reflect very low-level 
 formatting errors rather than grammar issues that would have a big
 impact on readability.  The coherence and organization questions
 were very linked and the assessors had trouble understanding
 the difference.  These problems were made worse for very short
 summaries; in fact grammar, coherence and organization made
 little sense for very short summaries.

 The following is what was sent out after DUC2001 as a summary of 
 those problems and the solution that was proposed then.

------------------------------------------------------------------
  Discussion at DUC2001

     Proposed changes to SEE (and the issue that causes them)

     Issue: problems with grammar judgments; scores are generally high
                but minor problems with definitions
            problems with definitions of coherence and organization
                1) assessors could not easily tell these apart
                2) problems with very short summaries
     Solution: The pages for SEE will be converted to a series of
           questions.  There will be three pages; one each for
           grammar, coherence, and organization.  Each page will
           have a series of checkoff questions, plus a final box
           that asks a question similar to this year's about an
           overall impression.  The scores for these three
           variables will be calculated based on the answers to
           the questions.  The overall question will be used as
           a secondary input.  Some sample questions would be:

               grammar: 
               coherence: dangling references and unlinked connectives
               organization: unclear/scrambled time order and
                         illogical/misleading organization

           If the summary is too short(to be defined), NO
           questions will be asked and a default score will be
           defined.
--------------------------------------------------------------------

   What we need to do now is to come up with some reasonable
 questions for the grammar, the coherence, and the organization
 pages.  In particular I would like to generate somewhere between
 5 and 10 questions for each of the three areas.  My suggestion for
 going about this is to ask for a volunteer for each area who will
 generate a "straw" set of questions and then we can discuss these
 three straw sets via email.  I realize that not everyone is interested
 in this, so I will generate smaller email lists of only those
 people interested.

    So, if you are interested in volunteering (or in volunteering
 one of your grad students!), please let me know by January 18 so
 we can get started.  Additionally, if you are interested in being 
 part of the email group to discuss these issues, let me know this also.  
 The first order of business once we get organized is to come up with 
 some guidance for these volunteers.

    Donna 
   
   

--------------E3E26F75E7202B1DFC618D7A--



